



No but relatives of sonia Gandhi are involved


It's not difficult for cops to watch videos and find out who is who, not an
impossible task left for guessing?


Punish all the culprits  immediately and impartially as these
criminals have killed 2 innocent Godmen which is really bad.


Also the police who did nothing.




Sir,

This is callousness, at its worst. The problem is two fold.

It is evident that both the public (Free) hospitals and the private (For
profit ones)have not covered themselves with glory, with the way they are
chasing patients away.




Yes I stand with Jayant Patil. Enquire the whole episode, before 2014 What was
the meaning of trolling we Indians did not care, but once BJP was elected paid
trolls - obscene ways & words backed by the higher ups started & now they r
crying foul. Please set up inquiry from 2014 to current date. Mumbai Police is
top most ranked in World & if given independence they will make Maharashtra a
hate free state.




if someone is doing good no matter what political reason should be
praiseworthy.




Mr. Chandrachud and Mr. Mander have for long been bleeding heart liberals.
Their avowed support to the anti-India forces carrying out the anti-CAA
protests is not surprising at all.




This is perfect answer. This is what South Korea did for example.


A comprehensively asked and exhaustively responded reportage. The response as
reported well convey that we have leaders to take care of us and these leaders
are well thinking. the blessed are the parents of Shri Aaditya Thackeray.




Luckily the nationalist party is not asking any Indian to get quarantined in
Pakistan until Covid 19 is cleared!


Yes

Lot of grouses like these and more

That is why it is imperative,people think thrice before moving from a place to
another.

The most important factor is,lot of very rich people,like those who own these
hotels,instead of being reasonable,want to make a fast buck.Nobody wants them
to incur losses.

Godliness and piety have no meaning if people are going to fleece fellow
humans and dump a part of the booty they make into temple hundies


Quarantine is unavoidable ...but the question that arises after reading the
article is whether there is a Nexus between Hotel Industry in various cities
and the concerned COVID control Administering Authorities. The Hotel industry
which is practically Shut may like to make some quick money at the cost of
hapless visitors




No one said muslims were behind lynching. Also, those were Sadhus, the wisest
people in this civilized nation. This is the land of Shivaji Maharaj, and the
accused murderer should not be spared at any cost.


No one said muslims were behind lynching.Take action taken against the local
politicians who were present and the mute police who have clearly left the
sadhus to the mob to be lynched.Arrest them immediately.


What if it is Shaw Boss


Just because there are no Muslim, that is why they have made the list public.
Can the minister clarify about the religion of the arrested persons.


Communalist is oxygen to BJP. It cannot survive without communal tensions.
It does not care for the country.


Why do we see religions everywhere, they are also humans be it the affected
ones or the perpetuates and they act as per their own thoughts, can we
associate ourselves with a thief, murderer saying i belong to him because he
belongs to my religion? overall now its time for everyone to denounce their
religions and most of world problems will get solved.


If that is the case then we all know that none of the arrested are guilty


In the first instances who said there Muslims .it only shows up the Congress
mentality of appeasement

In this case what about the other minorities and the area is communist strong
hold

Finally the Minister has not answered the question Why did his people did not
stop it ? No answer fr that


U didn't say it. But Godi media nearly convinced the social media that, the
attackers were Muslims. U seem to have missed it.


Instead of names, let photos of those perpetrating the crime, as seen in the
video in social media which exposed the truth', be matched with those arrested
and confirmed. But for the video, truth would not have come to open. It's
quite possible innocent sadhus would have even been labelled as anti socials.


They want the gov. to be safe, that's it.


3 people lynched or 2 Hindu  lynched you will write same in another death of
other religions? No you write 2 Muslim death there why so


Oh Please....no one is trying to make the matter communist they are just
trying to raise the voice against this inhumanity and we want Justice not these
silly news....breaking out in tears The Sadhu was holding the policeman's hand
like a child hoping he would save him from the mob but that coward blackhole
policeman handed him to the mob. The stick and service pistol are to be used
on innocent public only during lockdown.

  

Shame on such policemen.


Where is the list? Look at the last line in the report. that clarifies where
your correspondent and Ur paper stand.


India is at the thresh hold of becoming Hindu India .kindly keep you finger
crossed


Why there is no action on the Police. They only allowed this to happen and
they were simply watching this.


“Chief Minister Uddhav Thackeray
made a statement in the
issue after opposition Bharatiya Janata Party leaders attempted to communalism
the issue.”

so BJP even tried to incite violence against Muslims during lynching of
innocent Hindus by Hindu mob .

How much deeper BJP is allowed to sink to win elections . Absolutely no morals
left under Modi Sarkar .

keep dividing India and encourage violence . One day India will wake up .


Yes Minister we wait for news from trusted sources which comes after 72 hours of
the incident after news is all over media. Same man it seems made a statement
earlier that the attackers n the attacked r not " saints". He needs to explain
now it is more than 5 days.


Will Mr. Anil Desmukh answer why 101 persons were arrested whereas most of the
video clips reveal that there were hardly 40 to 50 persons involvement?.


Innocent tribal are framed and NCC CPI goons are free


Because it's not necessary that everybody responsible for the death of those
people were in the video. You take all those people into custody who could
have some connection with that heinous crime. In fact we are to believe the
statement of the suspended cop...there were 300 people. May be he was
exaggerating or miscounted...but if 50-60 were seen in videos...may be 50
others were not...


Were u in the enquiry panel?


Because video clips cannot capture 400 people.




When in the Supreme Court Rules fixed the advocates fees thousands of
rupees,Mukul Rohatgi got 11  rupees in judge Loya death case.Judiciary is
welcoming only such advocates because they will give share in fees and
thwarting justice to such me/taking away the fundamental rights of such me
because of unable to attained any benefit/income.


Great! Now Sivsena+NCP+ Congress combine should welcome the move and resign
from office to allow for an impartial investigation and prove their
credentials.


remember a certain VK Singh, who was filling cases in SC over his own birth
certificates..... this is the modus operandi of the future minister.




Raghul Gandhi may be inconsistent but not dishonest. He is an open heart
person. Being a equal partner in a government, it is not correct on the part
of Sharad Pawar to undermine the other partner Raghul Gandhi. And it is
surprising that why the Maharashtra State Congress taken one week time to
react against Pawar's statement.


These unthinking (or incapable of a single-thought-in-their-heads)
Congresswalas deserve the appalling way in which their party is dissolving
into thin air in front of their eyes! The inconsistent and "couldn't care
less" RG will be their undoing and it will not be a great loss to the country.
In any case the family has looted enough to feed several generations of
Gandhis"


It is very true and appreciated that he is leading from the front.But he must
look back whether the followers are coming behind him.

T 82


Could such a senior and experienced leader, Sharad Pawar, be easily swayed by
any propaganda?

We do not need a mirror to look into our own palm.




Don't want to hear such news especially with so many dogs on the road. They
have become so aggressive during this lockdown. Nothing is been done about
them. Cannot walk on the road for buying essential items. You get scared
because of the constant barking and fighting among them




Kerala Govt also distributed same album 30& good response received hence
Kerala Govt Controlled Covid 2029


The Indian Edition express has reported a Lancet study on 15,000 people which
has said that HCQ has no benefit in Covid 19. .

  

ICMR on an another study says it is effective, but may cause heart disease, ,
Cardiomyopathy, blurring of vision.....

  
  

?

. Do you want to take HCQ or these Homeopathy Med


It's not wise to say no before you know


I am reminded of a tourist item called „Berliner Luft“ in a fancy deco can
selling at souvenir shops in the German capital. It contains nothing but pure
local air for a couple of Euros. But seriously in India, faith is the
medicine.


DearSir, please know before you say no . Please study a bit to find out that
it's not the faith in India but its miraculous healing powers Homoeopathy is
serving humanity all over the world. In fact Homoeopathy is an integral part
of health system in many countries in the world .

Sir please don't be the victim of propaganda by vested interest .


Better than Hydroxyl Chloroquine and other allopathy medication as it has no
harmful side effects One cannot compare to allopathy as it is taken as
preventive medicine The real Homeopathic medicine which has notable results is
Camphors 1M which was used to fight Influenza just as HCQ was used to fight
Malaria




Very simple to solve this. Bring a new law that bans conversion for marriage
(of course, uniform civil code is another track).


Ban conversion, ban beef, ban wisdom, welcome to la la land.


Fully agree with petitioner that 'love jihad' is not a formal term.In the same
context,would like him to explain why all, Hindu/Muslim marriages result in
the Hindu partner only converting to Islam


The reverse is also true


> The reverse is also true

  

In how many cases is the reverse true when compared with Hindus being forced
to convert to Islam? Don't forget what happened to Mani Ratnam in 1995 for
showing a Muslim girl falling in love with a Hindu boy. And this was a work of
_fiction. You think the "peaceful " will keep quiet if it happens in real
life? (there will always be the odd exception but, as they say, the exception
doesn't prove the rule). Please watch Swati Goel Sharma's interview, "The
Issue Of Religious Trafficking Of Minor Girls"; if you can, please feel free
to counter the _facts_ given there.


Bcoz technically a lady can't marry without the approval of guardian even if
Muslim. Forget about a non Muslim. Civil marriage, live-in all are prohibited
in Islam. Name sake you can do what you like.


With your masculine face, projecting yourself a macho-man with loaded and
biased statements, you are probably fit for NCM.


you are now afraid of our women too eh?


Some are more dangerous. Slow poison, sweet killers. Like in this case. Woman
in position but so much biased against one community and you can't even
complain. Loaded statements seeking promotion and recognition on right wing
roll.




We must select a place in New Delhi or Mumbai so as to take permission of
authorities. This time there should be sizeable strength shown to authorities.

Dattaram Desai.


I would like to participate too..... Better to die peacefully on our own will
.....than let RBI kills us.....






Moving to perhaps distract himself from one „war“ on his agenda to the next,
Mr Trump and his Weapons of Mass Disruption are not yet finished before the
unfolding of his Deal of the Century that will aim to create a greater Israel
as the sole Jewish State, and a total world disorder after that. China baiting
by using the Coronavirus reminds me of the WMD baiting after 9/11, 2001.




