



At least they didn't demolish the religious place and construct the masjid. This
Sophia is already a mosque for centuries. here, they demolish the Babri masjid
which stands for centuries and there is no proof at all for temple before
there, yet those terrorists destroyed that masjid and killed many.


This is the peaceful way of spread of Islam


Well done it was long pending. A sovereign nation is emerging after the
enslavement shackles breaking and 100 years of humiliation shedding off of
the Osmanian rulers. A Warm welcome to the New Turkey away from colonial
powers.


Its Turkey's internal matter and its sovereign right although I personally
think it was OK as it is right now. Financially it was a winner. I have seen
it and it is magnificent. With this, Bosphorus, its Topkapi Museum and the
wonderful palaces the combination is a winner and a symbol of good interfaith
relations. As a matter of fact when I was there looking at it a thought had
crossed my mind why didn't they make a museum of Babri Masjid instead of
pulling it down illegally by the hooligans spearheaded by no less than a
figure of the future Deputy PM of India Mr. L.K. Advani. Supreme Court in Nov
2019 despite conceding the demolishing an egregious crime awarded the Majestic
Babri Masjid to the demolishers. Wish it was a museum too that would have
helped the prosperity of the region.


Instead of building a bright future, fascist and fundamentalist keep going
back to past.


The Aryan (noble) roots are found in Miriam (M-Arya-m or Santha) the sister of
Moses and Aaron. Later, the family of Aaron (Lakshman) were given the
priesthood, Tabut (Ark of Covenant) was given to David (Krishna). Talmud
(Torah commentaries). Zachariah (z-Achari-ya or zach-Arya), the guardian of
mother Mary (m-Arya-m) in the Temple of Jerusalem. Jesus Christ, son of Mary,
both worlds blessed shall return.


Further evidence of the Islamisation of Turkey under Erdoğan. He will turn the
country into a Conservative Islamic country and undo the Secular work of
Ataturk.


Hagia Sophia: The museum of conflicts is well Explained precisely..




Only in a truly liberal democracy this can happen. How many educational
institutions in India will dare to sue the Govt. on issues that adversely
affect them? Like the brutal police attack on the protesting students in Delhi
a few months back?




When the Pulitzer prize on Kashmir reporting should have been on the front
covers, it has been pushed inside and reported as something like a matter of
fact, which is not just a shameful coward act from 'The Hindu' but also shows
how it cleverly treads the path in the tough times like this which needed the
spine and voice of speaking truth to the power.




If Obama had such respect for MMS & India, then why did he bring down the
defining partnership of the 21st century using the Debyani Khobragade episode?


Sale of Burnol increased many folds in India !


While Mr.Obama's description about Mr. Manmohan seem very apt., Mr. Obama is
not right when he says that Mr.Manmohan 'rose to power.' Mr. Manmohan did not
rise through electro politics and was 'appointed' both as Finance Minister
and Prime Minister.

Only populism, unfortunately, succeeds in politics, and Mr. Manmohan did not
subscribe to that.


The selection of the  as PM by Sonia,is not an aberration.That was the
best thing that could have happened at that point of time.The late PVNR had
rightly identified him as FM,which came handy to Sonia,when the time was
opportune.


Under Biden US might like to see

And deal with Mansingh as President of congress party not

Rahul,since Obama felt that he was a man of "uncommon wisdom and decency"

T 82


A well deserving tribute to a great Indian from a great American.


Trump will praise Modi in his book. But, the problem is

  
  

no one will read it even after distributing it free !


Obama and Manmohan Singh two great people... people every nation should have




Now defeat for Mr. Biden is certain.


What people feel about Mr. Biden and how far it will get converted in to
positive votes is more important than what other high ranking leaders speak.
Especially during COVID 19, any forthcoming leader should come out series of
measures on war footing and let people know about your plan so that they will
vote you next time. Alone criticizing present government may not help.


In the wake of several key endorsements for J. Biden, Tricky Trump may well be
on his way out. Good for America. Trump has failed to build the wall and he
still has not disclosed his tax papers. He is cheating America with his empty
rhetoric.




We have seen how the militant extremists of Islam in Pakistan killed and
destroyed the Mosques of Shia Muslim community and the Christian community in
Churches with impunity. I don't understand why the small Hindu community
should invite trouble now by going for the construction of a temple for Lord
Krishna in Islamabad? God is omnipresent and when they have been worshipping
the Lord in their own houses all along for more than 70 years, why this
injudicious decision now?




Bangladesh is like Pakistan only..


This is the sad state of affairs for the minorities in Islamic countries. They
are being persecuted out of existence in their indigenous homelands.




USA following the Indian style of politics and politicians here can feel proud
of that.

The latest presidential candidate would only cut the vote share of Biden to
make Trump, a winner again.


I love surprises, and this last-minute gatecrash to the presidency by... er,
this hiphop billionaire „brother“ of the Incumbent tops the race. A Meister
stroke to deprive Joe Biden of (almost) all the black votes at least. And with
the missus showbiz Kim Kardashian around, there‘s no business for Trump like
the reality surprise business.


We are living in a dumb timeline ?


Now that USA has developed a trend of making reality show stars
presidents...it should name itself mtv.


Good news for Republicans and President Trump as Kanye West would divide some
votes from the democratic party and black Americans


A very wise strategy by Mr Trump, wont you say.




The businesses and banking industry will leave Hong Kong very soon. US and
European Union should facilitate the businesses to leave smoothly without any
hindrances from China. If China tries to block by not following international
law, US can compensate the businesses by taking money from China's trillion
dollar holding of US treasuries and bonds.




Who knows! Microbial Warfare was a reality and still is! Trump may have hit
the nail on its head!


With this covid19 outbreak, created by China, China's increased financial
income has gone down. Now that Mr Trump has made this statement, the entire
world must comprehend the truth of the statement and join hands to punish
China.

China is attempting various steps to ensure a continuous inflow of finances
prior to creation of covid19. The entire world must join hands and punish this
venomous China.


What Trump describes as real issues are all created by America only and he
wants the UN to address the same. Folly.


Mr Trump,

Very true and just demand and every nation must join this demand of proper
retribution.

China pretends to be safe and they have also gained much at the cost of many
innocent old and sick people.

Much more tragic is the economic falling and FAMINE in the poor nations.

Pay and retributor not with fake materials but clean money.

sign out China from many commercial lists.

Be strong






26 Ships of US Navy believed to affected by Corona Virus


After millennia of peace in the waters between Arabian Sea and the Persian
Gulf, who but a mischievous warmonger from many thousands of sea-miles away
would ply warships to dangerously provoke Iran ? What evidence would anyone
but the blind need ? As for the Iran Guard‘s military missile, any self-
respecting emerging nation should/would be wanting to mind its own business
for bravo defence.




The European Trio has only itself to blame for letting it come this far.


This is not surprising. Iran, just like North Korea and Pakistan have had a
clandestine Nuclear program. They are rogue nations with volatile leaders and
militaries who will threaten neighbours and the World with pressing the Big
Button. Israel would be the first target for Iran, but Israel is ever ready
and will take pre-emptive action to safeguard itself.




Trump, the disgraced American President who wants to cling to power, may soon
face charges for instigating violence in the Capitol building of his own
country. The leader of our country needs to be condoned for his bromance with
Trump.


US President has a license more valid than that of 007, US troops at war have
immunity, their crimes invalid even at the ICC (International Criminal Court).




The US has not learnt it's lessons. They installed installed their puppet the
Shah of Iran who was booted out. In the bargain n they got kicked out of Iran
as well. Now they want to install another puppet. The US doesn't understand
world has changed. It is no longer the white man's garden. That ended with
Osama Bin Laden's destruction of the WTC. The US will have to pay a big price
for this. Many innocent Americans are going to pay the price for this
foolishness.


Trump supports Modi. Modi Supports Trump. Both order Air Strike for winning
Domestic Elections !




It is unfair to Bernie. Every time he is a frontrunner, he is backstabbed by
Senior Democrats




The political equations in Afghanistan is distinctly different. Two groups
with different religious ideologies fighting with each other, a thin
democratic Party ruling with US support and an "outside" meddler with all the
three for their own motives. With this complexity, the war in Afghanistan
appear to be without an end.




Despite interest turkey has in id lib, there is absolutely no question whether
it is part of Syria or not. It is Syrian territory and Syria should be free to
take control of that area and deal with any rebellion of civil unrest. All
said and done turkey has no business to put conditions as to who shall
administer what is without question Syrian territory.




Who could be the JP Morgan of WW3 ?


No. There will not be any war.


The US troops killed Iran major general which will escalate the tension in
West Asia. The west Asia already faced proxy war and sectarian war which
crippled the legitimate government and gave space to non state actors eg ISIS.
The countries should follow the UN objectives and try to bring peace.


Soleimani has the blood of thousands on his hands. Not only foreign but
Iranian also. He was involved in the brutal repression of his own people
during anti-Govt. riots. His foreign nefarious activities against US and Israel
has led to his demise. Iran cannot afford a full scale war with the US. They
will carry on with their 'guerilla' tactics.


The humanity is at the crossroads Trump attempts in destabilising the reigion
is transparent & the repercussions one cannot imagine if escalated into
another world war good sense should prevail & the other world nation states
and leaders must take a queue to avoid such calamity happening to them
restraint & cautious healing the wound is the need of the hour


Why did the U.S. launch the drone attack? Because Pompeo and Netanyahu had
been speaking together for sometime about this, and finally got the feedback
order from the big boss Trump.

Why is the U.S. targeting Shia militias? Because the IS isn't around to do the
dirty jobs. To be sure, IS was created by the pool of resources of the US and
certain allies. Exploiting the age-old Sunni-Shia division, the IS was trained
to destroy holy sites, lives of Shia pilgrims and innocent civilians. After
years of struggles, Iran managed to drive out the IS not only from Iraq but
also from Syria with help from mainly Russia. The US has now mostly resigned
in Syria, but holding on to Iraq and its vital airspace, openly striking
dangerously, without proxy.

What is Iraq‘s position ? Also a Sunni-Shia issue, perhaps more compromising
today than before,  tending to keep the Americans at a distance. Work-in-
progress at best.

So is war inevitable ? Probably yes, in Iraq. Probably no, in Iran.




