


The need of the hour is to bring the economy back on track by bringing more
businesses, thus increasing jobs in rural and urban areas and bringing
investment and development. Moreover there needs to be more Make in India than
Make for India which could boost domestic businesses. This could make India an
inspiration for all.


The first para tells me the essay is not worth reading further.




Latest law and its rule will prevail and newer things sets of law has to be
combined. The future of agricultural quantity and quality is got through
Geographical indicators( Act ), Forward contracting ( act ). Bargaining power
for local is achieved if that area does what it does best over years. Samba
RICE, Basmati Rice, Darjeeling Tea, and many. List of essential is more listed
in many entries but that area can have geo advantage that growing of pie is
better than redistribution.

Many farmers are clueless with these laws, they cultivate fewer area of crops
and get some money. Sales is never their subject so is the risk. Instead of
what it is to farmers will it have any impact. If no , on weekends we
drive around villages with posters And billboards telling about farmers ,
their produce : . Direct from farm.


Really impressed by the author's crystal clear explanation of the history
behind Entry 33 and its linkage to the present Farm Acts. Understood
everything easily.Thank you.


This Reader has been working on problems of Farmers and on Poverty alleviation
for over two decades, and has the following observational inferences: 1.
Farmers have to work almost 14 hours daily for all the 365 days, and ultimately
accept the ignominy of earning less than Rs.36,000 per family (usually 5
people, including two children age just born to 17); 2. Landless farmers
account for over 45% of farm community, in a total of 195 million Farm-
families; 3. Were we look at every farmer as one who generates valuable
Biomass/vegetation matter, Farmers in India generate (on the basis of 65 T per
annum per ha average) 10 billion T biomass; 4. At Rs.2000/T this is a
value of about Rs.21 Trillion - now they don't earn even Rs.2 Tr.

  

The need of the hour is generation of Value-Added products, including Energy,
utilizing all available Biomass. India can generate additional 640,000 MW
power as well as many other Engineered Products, valued Rs.250 Tr. India must
work on these, enhancing values/GDP


All the acts and entries should not be an impediment to the poorer sections of
the country becoming

Richer.If they are becoming richer and richer in every state by the new acts
people hold the power to choose.The earlier acts only left

Farmers poorer and looking up to state Government to write off loans in
exchange of votes.Even at the record high agriculture production if farmers
had to beg for write off,we only feel earlier acts are not beneficial.We
should only see whether revenues of states affected like GST when it was
introduced.welfare of people more important than the states elected by people.

T 82




It is not the same economic theory

That could be applied to Agriculture business and other

Business sectors.The manufacturers could increase or

Decrease their production based on supply and demand indicators

And adjust most of the factors of

Production namely material,labour

And overheads.But in case of Agriculture business factors are

Different.One the unknown monsoon factor.Secondly the number of players are
more than

We need since we are predominantly agri business based.if they have good
monsoon

They all have to produce even when it is more than needed.Peculiar situation
since consumers have restrictions in

Consumption.This is where diversion of labour or outputs

Are needed.So all problems for

Farmers and governments.Normal

Public could have anything to offer

Except to sympathise with farmers .Governments could only waive the loans at
the expense of tax payers.Youth could think of fresh

Solutions for this in their own interest.

T 82




OK


The fall in labour share is due to the rise of ' superstar' firms [ for example
Adanis and Ambanis in India ] : a small number of highly profitable companies
that are more productive than their competitors and capture a large share of
their respective markets. These firms tend to require less labour input per
unit of output than their displaced competitors, and so as they become more
dominant the labour share of income in the overall economy falls .Twentieth
century was human capital century and 21st is not should be well understood by
the farmer and labour leaders . In the new century, we have to respond to the
threat of automation ; we have to teach people skills that will make them
better at whatever machines are bad at, not at what machines are good at.

As long as constitutional validity of the Farm Laws; Art 100 and voice votes
are concerned ;they are leisurely pursuits and play of words which is of no
use to average farm worker for he has to learn to live with Adanis & Ambanis.


What about the dubious way UPA passed division of Andhra Pradesh by closing
the doors of Parliament, gagging the MPS and blocking telecast!


Let the jurists draft a model law to the mutual benefit of the government and
the farmers and present it to the SC for recommending it to the Parliament for
discussion and debate.





 (lion) Bagh (tiger) like wild beasts are best confined to the
sanctuaries. They become man-eaters outside the enclosure.


very good information, people have the right to know how their representatives
vote on each subject, hence voice votes must be discontinued


2 of 2)

It is vitally important in Indian democracy that the judiciary is impartial
and independent of all external pressures so that all - citizens and
federating states alike - who appear before the judges and the great Indian
public can have confidence that their cases will be decided fairly and in
accordance with the law. When carrying out their judicial function judges must
be free of any improper influence - pressure by the executive or the
legislature, by individual litigants, particular pressure groups, farmers,
religious congregations, the media, self-interest. Not only should justice be
done; but, it should also be seen to be done.


The fundamental question is can a section of population hijack and occupy
roads and blackmail rest of the country on the laws passed by an elected
government? Then what's the fun of having elections? Let these ultra left
hooligans masquerading as intellectuals decide on behalf of rest of country!


Beautifully outlined and well presented ..totally in agreement


A fantastic explanation by an expert for us common people to understand the
current situation better. Thanks Sir.


Really!

  

Tell me which democratic institution has been undermined and how it was
functioning in the past that it has deviated?

  

How the farm laws become unconstitutional, which Article of Constitution they
violate and how?

  

You will have no answer, even after going through extremely informative write
ups.

  

Majority of them are written for epistemological consumption of foreign press
and academia especially western inimical to India's interest.




First of all India has vertical equity i.e. the more income the more the
taxes so unnecessary increase in taxes for the rich won't help any further.
Moreover we have already implemented GST so more direct taxes might not help
as people are already suffering from food inflation. The moot solution in
order to increase employment is to increase not just the quantity but quality
of educated people. Moreover the need of the hour isn't Make for India but
Make in India.


Taxing the rich might bring revenues for the nation but it is quality
Education that makes our nation rich with revenues.


Pointing out that the Indian economy is going through a _"severe crisis_ ," the author notes that the incidence of absolute poverty has increased to 30 % (4 % jump). The poorest 50 % population owns only 4.1 % of the national wealth, while the richest 10 % people own 73 % of the total wealth in India (Suisse Credit-2019). 
   These staggering inequalities are a consequence, the author tells us, of " unholy alliance between the gov. & the corporate sector," which is known as _crony capitalism_ : On the one hand the gov. provides tax cuts & concessions to the corporates ; on the other hand the unholy alliance enables the employers to "exploit existing social discriminations (gender, caste, ethnic groups) to _extract labour at the cheapest rates_ " (Jayati Ghosh/TH/Feb 3). 
   This state of "severe crisis" is sought to be suppressed from the public view by unleashing a propaganda war of demonising the _Other_ , waging a " _badla_ " war & applying draconian laws (sedition) against critics of the gov..


The analysis is correct but the solutions provided are not because only 1
solution has been provided i.e. taxing the rich. What the author doesn't
understand or tries to understand is that the rich will escape these taxes one
way or the other. The people who won't be able to are the middle class who are
already heavily taxed.

Why is no one talking about the money wasted in subsidy to farmers including
big farmers with turnover of ? to counter drought we need more canals
not subsidy. Also, if you need more money, maybe improving processes to tax
more people who are not poor like small businessmen and MSME. These categories
do all transactions in cash and hence don't pay any tax. When the time is
right they make millions but when the chips are down they cry for freebies


Indira Hirway, like all other Economists/Planners etc., continues to repeat the
arithmetic of the statistical numbers and data, interpreted in her
thoughts/understanding. Further, she too does not seem to offer any definite
Solutions to the Problems, which are not yet appropriately defined. WHAT ARE
INDIA's MAIN PROBLEMS?. 1. Every one of the 1,360 million population must have
at least 30 L of water every day; 2. Every child in the age just born to 5
must have nutritious food/medicine/care, provided free by Gov.; 3. Every child
from age 5 through 21 must have free education (at world standard) provided
free; 4. Every citizen in the age 60 through the tie of death, appropriate
old age benefits; 5. Every citizen under working age of 18 through 60 (now
numbering 650 million), must have minimum decent earning Job ( @ average Take-
home moneys, not less than Rs.175,000/annum); 6. India's defence system must
be capable of countering any "attack" against the nation. How may we go about?


The analysis presented is faulty for the following reason. The needs and
deficiencies of the developmental activities in the country is presented,
without addressing the continuing reasons for this over the last 70 years of
post- independent India. One gets the impression that suddenly the amount of
resources allocated to health, education is low now, while it has been so all
along in the country. What is that the planners could not address to give the
expected amount of investment in education and health? Is it only money or
other factors like the cultural factors where these two aspects are viewed
differently in terms of priority of people and the necessary time for changes
to occur in administration, Human Resource???s etc.? Presenting the issue is one
of the present may look good in writing but does not address the real issues.


The diagnosis the writer has used in this article to develop the "model" for
curing the present ailments of Indian Economy was the basis for writing the
"Directive Principles" squeezed into the Indian Constitution. Those who worked
on the first two Five Year Plans had even read that part of the Constitution.
The long amnesia was a post-Nehru development.

M G Warrier, Mumbai




This article makes me want to take admission to O.P. Jindal Global University,
Sonipat. Really well written.


1\. This is an interesting viewpoint. Let us face the bitter truth: (a)
failures of successive Congress governments in the Centre led to rise of
regional parties in many States, (b) small and marginal farmers did not
benefit from agricultural policies of the Centre as also many States ruled by
Congress party, (c) inequalities of income and wealth have increased from
1950. It is na??ve to blame BJP for past failures. Is it not true that failed
political agenda of Congress led to rise of regional parties? 2. Congress
party implemented its own agenda when it was in power, which is perfectly
okay. Right BJP is in power in the Centre and it is having its own agenda.
There can be many views about BJP??? political and economic agenda, but let us
admit that Congress??? economic agenda has neither created a welfare state nor
has it created atmosphere for cordial and good relationship between the
Central and State governments. I am of course aware that one can have a
different opinion on this subject.



