


Go out into the street and ask the general public to name the Leader of the
Labour Party and see just how many don't actually know. A local paper actually
did that recently in Hartlepool and less than 50% knew his name. Quite amazing
given there is a by-election imminent -then again there are no less than 3
former Labour MPs standing for various parties so it must confuse the hell out
of the electorate.


If Labour don't get real and cut deals with other parties, they can forget
being in power ever again. Giving up the prospect of total power to a senior
career politician is like giving up their right leg, but it's that or drift
into permanent irrelevance.


The left should put forget the 'Labour' party and electoral politics for now
and put all its efforts where it will have the most effect and greater chance
of success in electing socialists into the top positions of the unions.


I'm currently feeling jealous because I thought Biden was going to be a
terrible right-leaning centrist but now we're the state sliding into fascism.
I'm still hopeful though and at least when the Conservatives do try to abolish
the Human Rights' Act then Keir Starmer will have some really good arguments
against that policy.





Why vote for a red tory, when you can have the real thing (as exemplified by
Ed Miliband's spectacular failure in 2015)


He should have opposed brexit, not nodded it through.


It’s not the leader, it’s not even the party. It’s the country. Look in the
mirror. The majority will not vote for Equality, Fairness, Social and Economic
Justices. It’s just how it is (at the moment). It will change. Inevitably.


> The majority will not vote for Equality, Fairness, Social and Economic
> Justices.

Not under FPTP but look at consistent British Attitudes Surveys - most British
people align with these values, it's just that under FTFP, the gammon values
of tabloids dominate.

Most people don't vote Conservatives - they won last time on 43% of 67% - when
Labour give up their fantasy of winning power without cutting deals with other
parties, most British voters will get something nearer to what they vote for.


I think the trouble is with the definition of those values. It's not that
Conservative voters don't believe in them, they just think you can do well by
working hard and ignore any other factors. They still believe in the supposed
benefits of privatisation and lack of regulations. Should be easy to counter
really.


But what if peoples first impression was actually accurate?


Labour needs to decide what it stands for because it seems most people don't
know, including its members.

They aren't for working people. They aren't for the impoverished. They aren't
for the dispossessed. They aren't for the exploited. They aren't green. They
aren't socialist. They aren't even social democratic.

The only thing I can think the Labour Party is for, is a career ladder for
Tory rejects!


Even more importantly (for their hopes of forming a Govt. at any time soon)
they aren't for the Scots either.


Many politicians are worried about loosing voters, so they just make no
statement at all expecting everybody to be Happy.


What’s happening to Labour under Starmer is pasokification. I expected it to
happen, I didn’t expect it to happen so quickly.

They’ll be a dead party within a decade - to me and many others, they already
are.


Labour, although it will never dare admit it to itself, is pre-emintently the
party of the Union. The Tories may tack "and Unionist" onto their party name
but that's just an historic sop to the NI vote. The Tories don't need the
Scots or Welsh vote to form a Govt. and they know that. The minute Labour lost
Scotland, the writing was on the wall.


No matter what Starmer does the Corbyn cult - much of whom I suspect have
expelled themselves from their Labour membership - seem hell bent on wingeing,
moaning, and viscerally attacking him for whatever he does to satiate their
ultra-tribalism and soothe their emotions that their messiah is no longer at
the helm of the party.

Starmer has done his best to chart a very difficult course and haul the party
back from an historic landslide General Election defeat. He has also resisted
indulging in tribal arguments within the party. He has managed to lead the
Labour Party to, currently at worst a 9% point deficit in the opinion polls
after inheriting from Corbyn opinion poll deficits of 20 to 25% points. At
best the party under Starmer has enjoyed a couple of poll leads of up to 5%
points over Johnson’s Conservatives, all within the space of one year. But has
this satisfied Momentum? Satisfied the rump of the Corbyn Cult? Of course not
- all that matters to them is their own narrow ideological purity and devotion
to a leader that buried Labour in the 2019 General Election. Starmer can seem
to do nothing right for these people.

If I was Starmer, I would lance the boil and expel Corbyn from the Labour
Party for bringing the party into disrepute over the antisemitism scandal.
After all, if any ordinary member behaved in the way he did with his dithering
and inaction - his failure to effectively eradicate the scourge of
antisemitism within Labour’s ranks - they would have breached that cardinal
rule in the party rule book - not to bring the party into disrepute. It
carries the penalty of expulsion from the party.


I dont think it would matter whether Starmer expelled Corbyn or not.

The plain fact is that when it comes to his own membership, by now Starmer is
Leader in name only and the first chance that offers he will be gone. Then
some normality and sanity will return and Starmer's weird 'off with their
head' stuff will be sorted out and Labour might stand a chance again.


The left should forget the 'Labour' party and electoral politics for now and
concentrate all it's efforts elsewhere, the unions.


The trouble is that Labour is "a broad church". Nothing wrong with that
PROVIDED that at the end of the day all factions within the party will unite
to secure electoral victory. Labour will not (seemingly cannot) do this. The
Tories, in their own way every bit as broad a church as Labour can. And do.
And win office. Either Labour can find some party discipline from somewhere or
it is finished. I think the major question that should be occupying the minds
of progressives at the moment is "What replaces Labour?"


80% of people who voted for Corbyn in leadership elections voted for Starmer.
The wails of "its all jeremy corbyns fault" grow ever shriller.


Uniting a lot of different people with disparate views to form one force to
achieve something is called Leadership.

That is THE leader's job. Not PMQs, not appearing in a high viz jacket
somewhere, but that. That is the bread and butter of leadership.

If you can't do that you have no business sitting in the leaders chair. Plenty
of people who are not especially clever are absolutely brilliant at it. Plenty
of very clever people cannot do it to save their lives.

Keir Starmer is shit at it.


He needs to do a spoof video of "Love Actually" but wearing a Union Jack thong
while explaining how he'd lose the country another £1.5 trillion in capital
flight, collapse exports even further and bankrupt even more British small
traders.

Sign off with _"fuck business!"_ and he'll walk it in.


Don’t forget the slip wire.


Admittedly it's difficult but Starmer should take every opportunity to
humiliate Johnson. PMQs provides the best theatre. Whenever Johnson evades
giving a direct answer Starmer could throw up his hands, tell the Speaker that
he will play no further part in this charade and sit down.


Only anoraks take notice of PMQs.


At our most dangerous time when we the public are faced with facisim plague
Brexit what do we get to protect us. Sir Keif. Bloody marvellous. Labour old
new or reborn. We shall not forget that you left us out to dry with this
poorest escuse of a leader...


If it wasn't for covid and hence no party conferences and other limitations on
usual political activities - if it wasn't for that I very much doubt starmer
would still be party leader now.

He has a massive day of reckoning to face from his own membership and lockdown
has enabled him to hide from it, but not forever.


Starmer 's job was to keep the left out of power and Guardian columnists
cheered him on. He has  
succeeded in doing his job and Guardian columnists should be happy with Sir
Keith.

The left should forget electoral politics and helping to get 'the vote out' in
general elections and local elections and should instead focus all its efforts
on the unions and work towards electing socialists into leadership positions
including general secretaries. Only then can the left hope to be a position to
help the working class back onto the political stage. Without a politically
active working class there is no way of pulling the 'Labour' party to the left
let only the PLP which is dominated by right wing representatives.

Without the unions moving to the left the choice in 2024 will be between a
very right wing Tory party and a right wing flag waving Labour leadership.And
the that is case there really will be point in working class voters voting at
all. At best a Labour government would be pause between successive Tory
governments just Blair proved to be.


Useless with the charisma of a fencing post. Why Labour elected Starmer was to
get back into being nicer version of the Tories. All those who had wanted rid
of Corbyn got their man and much good it has done them. At least Corbyn had a
vision of a fairer society and a manifesto that offered real change. No one
has the faintest idea what Starmer stands for if anything. Tories will walk
the next election unless Labour wakes up.


> At least Corbyn had a vision of a fairer society and a manifesto that
> offered real change.

And the lowest approval ratings since approval ratings began.


No Labour leader would have survived Brexit. He brought hundreds of thousands
into the Party and real enthusiasm.


> At least Corbyn had a vision of a fairer society and a manifesto that
> offered real change.

  
And on the back of it the public rammed the door shut in his face.  
Make of that what you will, but I'd suggest it means a leader such as Corbyn
has no chance of being elected, at least in England or pre-independence
Scotland.


And why was that?


Don't you know?


Great at enthusing supporters. Also great at repelling non aligned voters, on
whose support you need to win elections. 90% off 500,000 < 40% of 35m.


He simply has no vision.


All this Starmer-bashing in the comments is unfair. He has a very clear 4
point plan:

1\. Slander Corbyn  
2\. Become party leader  
3\. ??????  
4\. Profit!


For the Tories, the Labour Party has become the gift that just keeps on
giving. And judging by the majority of the comments here, between the
disappointment, resignation and indifference of Labour supporters, the
situation is not going to be changing any time in the foreseeable future.
Regardless of how you might feel about Starmer, surely there's a fight worth
fighting? Or is Johnson just going to jolly and con his way to re-election?


Half his own party are quietly thinking of not voting Labour.

There has been some pretty brutal and unacceptable stuff going on in the
labour party and it is only to be expected that there will be a reaction.


The people of England deserve the Tories frankly.


Even Blair didn't kick the left in his first term. I have supported and voted
Labour since the 60s. I don't think.i can hold my nose at the next GE.


For me it is the balance between how much I want the candidate and how little
I want to do anything that increases the chance of still being stuck with
Starmer.

Its a shame that conference and normal things aren't still taking place, so
that there could just be a leadership challenge and he could go, without
people taking it out on all the other Labour candidates.


That means you are almost 80 years old? I am only 61,... and a analog SPD
voter in Germany,... but the SPD is wrecked,... and Labour is wrecked also!  
Blair and Schröder did big mistakes. New Labour nonsense!  
Your Labour party got the idea they could gain the monopoly of social care?  
The people don't even want it! Because of FPTP ,... there are too many votes
in the dust bin,... and the idea of a 2 party system is wrecked now.  
In Germany we have a chance to soften the Neo Liberal ideas in coalition
governments,... not ideal, but better than your mess.



