


Starm and wartime solidarity? Just how much is he in touch with ordinary
people who are struggling if all he's doing is beating Ye Olde Englishe
patriotism drum, Mark 2? Dearie me, I could do better in the ideas dept with a
tin head and a bleeding heart.


They'll switch your life off if you tax them too much - 18,000,000 people
disconnected from the News in Australia!


Mr Charisma..Kier Starmer. haha.

No chance of ever being PM. Labour no chance of being in Govt within the next
ten years (at least). And thank God for that.


Margaret Thatcher chose not to exercise her right to buy opting instead to
live in a £multi million house owned by a very opaque chain of companies based
offshore.


> That manifesto, says Clarke, “was not written at a time when anybody
> contemplated such an extraordinary historic event”.

Errrrrr ......... 2002 SARs, MERs 2012, Exercise Cygnus (UKs national pandemic
preparedness exercise) 2016 ....... so, tell me again about 'nobody
contemplated' ....... and I'll try to keep a straight face.

People were 'contemplating the very real threat of a pandemic' so hard they
even ran a national preparedness exercises and then ..... when the next virus
Covid actually started hitting the fan in late 2019 they did nothing for too
long, then they did too little, too late, too half heartedly.

I'm getting sick of this endless 'hindsight' and 'nobody knew' BS.


"a one-off wealth tax paid as 1% a year"? If it's levied every year it's
hardly a one-off, is it? I suggest it would be paid once and by year two
everyone affected would have found a way of avoiding it.


Sounds like you're advocating a Brown-style plundering of pensions.  
If that is, indeed, the case, shouldn't the money grab focus on those lucky
public sector employees, with their guaranteed final-salary (DB) pensions,
rather than the majority of us, in the private sector, paying every penny we
can afford into our DC schemes, so we won't have an impoverished retirement?


You mean focus again on public sector pensions?

Already been there once, moving the date they are payable back by at least 5
years for most.

When you bear in mind that these are not any kind of 'benefit' - they are
actually deferred pay - basically this is retrospectively refusing to pay
people the salary specified in their contract, when it is too late for them to
decide that in that event they will go and work somewhere else more lucrative.

Which is pretty dirty behaviour in my book.


Why? Don’t those in the public sector get the shitty end of the stick on
salaries? Pensions are one of the only things that make working in the public
sector tolerable.


Absolutely not.  
Those fortunate enough to be in the public sector are paid, on average, 9%
more than the private sector.


why do govts allow people to make money in their country, not pay any taxes,
then send it to a tax haven and pay no taxes there  
there are over 80 tax havens in the world, and approx $ 30 TRLN is hidden away
there


VAT at 20% is a disincentive for small businesses to grow and an incentive for
fraudsters. I am surprised how little people complain about it.


I think my main problem with taxes is that most of the funds raised is
increasingly being wasted on politicians, lords, ladies, dames, advisors,
consultants, middlemen/companies, restructuring and much more.


Nobody voted for Lord Frost , buggered the Country and now gets to bugger it
even more on an enhanced salary .


Could this be the reason why so many seriously wealthy people get themselves
elected to Parliament to work for relative peanuts?


its bc they feel the need to serve their fellow man

ahahahahaahhhhhhhhhhaahahahahhaa ...

sorry, couldnt resist


Ah, so that is why they are all Tory.


The revolving door. Some call it. This is a global phenomena.


Tax wealth properly. But, also crush the Cosy Club of accountants and
consultants who enable all this tax dodging and offshoring on a monstrous
scale, from behind their respectable middleclass home office desks.


Why did George Osborne and his successors decimate public services for 10
years? Because money is power and his and the Tory party's wealthy friends
were determined to pay no more than they could get away with for the damage
they caused over the period before 2008. I see little evidence that this has
changed, there may be a few token gestures but inequalities of power will
trump minor philanthropy for the next decade.





Labour need two radical policies going into a general election. Corbyn had too
many. Labour win when they offer radical change that's believable and what
people want. So based on this these would be my two:

\- "End something for nothing welfare" - that's the slogan. That's what gets
repeated endlessly. The detail behind it is what I call the 1/6, 2/3 plan.
Basically all new workers that enter the workforce (so all those who first get
an National Insurance number) pay NI at 16% on all earned and unearned income
in exchange for 2/3 of their salary if unemployed. Also sick pay at 100%
salary and a disability benefit equal to the amount of money you need to spend
on your disability regardless of income or job status. Basically a disability
won't cost someone anything! These workers won't need a state pension because
they'll be in a company pension or the state mandated occupational pension
that's been in place a few years now.

\- "Swiss style wealth tax to pay for new social housing that prioritises
local people" - that's the slogan. That's what gets repeated endlessly. A
wealth tax based on the Swiss one. The Tories and the right wing press
wouldn't be able to attack it as Marxist or economically illiterate because no
voter thinks Switzerland is poor or Marxist. Family homes would be exempt. It
can be justified given how high asset prices have risen since the financial
crisis. Social housing rent would be 1/3 of household income after tax.

I think this would be very popular. Happy for people to critique my proposal,
but what I'll say is that we seem to have a lot of people who will pick holes
in other people's ideas but never come up with a credible alternative.


Already 5% behind in the polls with no cohesive policies and a shadow cabinet
that no-one knows.

Boris will be praying Captain Hindsight is around at the next election


Boris will be praying Boris is around at the next election


None of these proposals actually seem to go after the richest, but rather
working people.

I realise that the poorest aren't saving anything - but cutting ISAs wouldn't
affect the rich (who already have far more savings than fit in the ISA), but
everyone else, whether those trying to save for a first house, or retirement.

Wealth tax on anything about £500K is going to screw over anyone with a not
large London house (I realise it said a mortgage is excluded, but most people
pay off their mortgage later in life), and will get worse as house prices
rise. Primary residences need to be exempt, and/or the exemption to be in the
multinationals.

And if this is the advice for Starmer, it sounds the thing that will keep Tory
voters voting Tory!


Instead of taxing the upper middle earners even more, why not try taking a
look at the self employed trades? After lock down, head down to my local pub
and listen to the builders, plumbers, electricians, etc boasting about how
much work they do cash in hand. To be clear, I’ve got nothing against these
guys earning mega bucks for their skills. However, I do resent that a whole
sub section of society is evading significant amounts of tax, when people like
me pay every penny that’s due. Likewise, get HMRC to take a closer look at the
taxi drivers who declare £10k income a year, yet have seem to have plenty of
cash available for home improvements etc


Given that unemployment was worse when Labour last left office than it is now,
he hasn’t really got a leg to stand on.


If Norman Lamont is backing an idea, it’s probably best avoided. The kiss of
death if ever there was one.


Tax the rich now, or eat the rich later. Your choice.


Most of us would probably choose to ignore bullshit.


You took the bait


It is impossible to take on inequality - in whatever form it takes: income,
gender or racial biases, ageism at both ends of the spectrum, or simply old-
fashioned but toxic class-prejudice - without using the tax system to
redistribute income and help those in most need. It almost goes without saying
that the present tax system is not fit for purpose - it is far too complex and
grossly inefficient - both things which ensure that the poor get poorer and
the rich, who can afford accountants to handle this mess, get richer.

But, underlying this dire situation is a criminal waste of tax-payer's money.
In 10 years of Tory ineptitude - they are utterly hopeless with the economy
and always have been - we have seen hundreds of billions of pounds frittered
away on insane projects which can't even be graced with the blanket
description of corruption - austerity, destruction of public utilities, Brexit
- you name the folly, the Tories have jumped at it. It makes the blood boil to
remember that this rabble was elected largely on the lie that the 2008 crash
was caused by Gordon Brown - it was Bill Clinton's reckless economic
deregulation in the USA that did that - whereas Brown was easily the best
Chancellor of the Exchequer in living memory, and not a bad Prime Minister.


This article completely ignores the elephant in the room. The biggest source
of unearned, untaxed wealth is house ownership. It needs to be taxed for
everyone.

Those renting get no tax relief at all but house owners get 100% relief on all
their gains.


Home ownership is not income. Notional gains made when homes are sold are
usually unrealised and used to buy a new home. If at some point in the future
value is extracted from property ownership it used to pay for the social care
that the state doesn't provide. My parents were left with almost nothing at
the end of this process.

Second and more properties? By all means but not homes.


Think it through.


So you clearly disagree with the proposition that unearned income should be
taxed. Yes, only when extracted and specific uses such as care fees can be
excluded. But to ignore the biggest part of unearned income is ludicrous.


It's really not difficult! Time to mature I think. Or are you one of those
people who think that other people's unearned income should be taxed, but not
yours.


Tax Union Jacks. You’d make a bloody mint these days.


> Richard Titmuss called it “fiscal welfare” for the well-heeled, where the
> more you earn the more the state gives: 45% pension relief for top earners,
> only 20% for basic-raters is the reverse of means-testing on benefits.

Given that only around half a million workers in this country earn more than
£150,000/ year, taxed at 45%, only an innumerate would believe that increasing
the taxes on such a narrow base will provide the answers to fund public
services for almost 68 million people.

The answer to better public services, adequate social welfare system requires
widely embraced social solidarity, higher consumption taxes, taxing labour and
capital in the same way, shared economic success, wider labour participation,
tax contribution from everyone, openness, transparency and accountability from
pauper to the royals.

Most European countries understand the crucial importance of social and
international solidarity, codified Constitutions, having responsible and
accountable governments that abide by the rules of law as opposed to relying
on archaic conventions and prerogatives.

Europe is not stuck in the Middle Ages, giving one unelected individual the
right to rule by prerogative and the powers to influence legislative process.


It would be good to see the tax system reformed so that it is a fair, and
simpler, system to administer.  
As a nurse I couldn’t afford a new car when my last one died, so I leased one
via a scheme at work. I pay tax via PAYE, so it was a surprise to receive an
unexpected tax bill of over £2600 4 months after the lease was completed
related to my car lease. When I rang the IMRC to ask why they hadn’t informed
my employer of the tax changes so I could pay monthly via PAYE the response
was ‘we are very busy and short staffed’. When I rang the wages department at
work to try and get more information the wages officer said, “Oh no, not
another one..."



