wonderful_JJPR JJPRother
._.
I_PP1S PP1
'll_MDWS MDPREDAll CONT
let_VB CAUSE
you_PP2
plug_VB
your_PP2
thing_NN NNother
back_RB RBother
I_PP1S PP1
need_MDNE
to_IN INother
reply_VB COMM
now_TIME
I_PP1S PP1
've_VPRT CONT
read_PEAS MENTAL
the_DT
message_NN NNTECH
._.
uhu._FPUH
what_WHQU
do_VPRT DOAUX
I_PP1S PP1
say_VB COMM
?_. WQ
oh_FPUH
sorry_JJPR POLITE
I_PP1S PP1
've_VPRT CONT SPLIT
just_RB EMPH
got_HGOT
home_RB RBother
erm_FPUH
how_WHQU
has_VPRT
your_PP2
day_NN NNQUANT
been_VBN
?_. WQ
sorry_JJPR POLITE
that_THSC THSCother
I_PP1S PP1
've_VPRT CONT
been_PEAS
unable_ABLE
to_IN INother
reply_VB COMM
._.
kind_NN NNABSPROC
of_IN HDG
want_VPRT MENTAL
a_DT
drink_NN NNCONC
._.
I_PP1S PP1
do_VPRT DOAUX
._.
what_WHQU
do_VPRT DOAUX
you_PP2
fancy_VB
?_. WQ
Pepsi_NN NNP
Max_NN NNP
it_PIT
's_VPRT CONT BEMA
a_DT
big_JJAT JJDESCAll JJSIZE
warm_JJAT JJATother
orange_JJAT JJATother
juice_NN NNother
coke_NN NCOMP
that_THRC THRCother
's_VPRT CONT BEMA
in_IN INother
a_DT
can_NN NNother
._.
go_VB
on_IN INother
a_DT
can_NN NNother
of_IN INother
Coke_NN NNP
I_PP1S PP1
do_VPRT SPLIT DOAUX
n't_XX0 CONT
usually_FREQ
drink_VB
cos_CUZ
it's_PP1P PP1
full_JJAT JJATother
fat_NN NNother
but_CC
it_PIT
's_VPRT CONT
probably_HDG
better_JJPR JJPRother
for_IN INother
me_PP1S PP1
than_IN INother
all_QUAN
the_DT
other_JJAT JJATother
chemicals_NN NNother
._.
I_PP1S PP1
'll_MDWS MDPREDAll CONT
go_VB
and_CC
grab_VB
it_PIT
._.
and_CC
I_PP1S PP1
'll_MDWS MDPREDAll CONT
drink_VB
it_PIT
through_IN INother
a_DT
straw_NN NNother
as_CC
well_RB RBother
._.
the_DT
straws_NN NNother
are_VPRT
just_RB EMPH
there_PLACE
._.
uhu_FPUH
can_MDCA MDPOSSCAll
I_PP1S PP1
try_VB ACT
one_CD
of_IN INother
these_DEMO
bubble_NN NNCONC
gum_NN NCOMP
things_NN NNother
?_. YNQU
whatever_WHSC WHSCother
they_PP3P PP3
are_VPRT
._.
yeah_DMA
it_PIT
's_VPRT CONT BEMA
not_XX0
bubble_JJAT JJATother
gum_NN NNother
but_CC
yeah_DMA
._.
what_WHQU
is_VPRT BEMA
it_PIT
?_. WQ
no_DMA
these_DEMO
._.
oh_FPUH
yeah_DMA
god_FPUH
those_DEMO
ones_NN NNother
yeah_DMA
._.
what_WHQU
are_VPRT BEMA
they_PP3P PP3
?_. WQ
nasty_JJPR JJPRother
what_WHSC WHSCother
they_PP3P PP3
are_VPRT SPLIT
probably_HDG
wan_VPRT MENTAL
na_IN INother
find_VB VFCTother
something_QUPR
to_IN INother
spit_VB
it_PIT
out_RP
there_PLACE
you_PP2
go_VPRT
spit_VB
it_PIT
out_RP
into_IN INother
my_PP1S PP1
erm_FPUH
wrapper_NN NNother
._.
is_VPRT BEMA
it_PIT
bubble_JJAT JJATother
gum_NN NNother
?_. YNQU
yeah_DMA
._.
shit_FPUH EMPH
I_PP1S PP1
swallowed_VBD
half_QUAN
of_IN INother
it_PIT
it_PIT
's_VPRT CONT BEMA
too_RB RBother
crumbly_JJPR JJPRother
to_IN INother
be_VB
bubble_NN NNCONC
gum_NN NCOMP
._.
yeah_DMA
you_PP2
keep_VPRT ASPECT
chewing_VBG
it_PIT
._.
not_XX0
but_CC
but_CC
too_RB RBother
small_JJPR JJDESCAll JJSIZE
to_IN INother
be_VB
bubble_NN NNCONC
gum_NN NCOMP
you_PP2
have_MDNE
to_IN INother
be_VB
like_LIKE
ten_CD
._.
see_VB MENTAL
it's_PP1P PP1
how_WHSC WHSCother
instant_NN NNother
the_DT
reply_NN NNother
is_VPRT
as_CC
well_RB RBother
er_FPUH
just_RB EMPH
the_DT
like_FPUH
a_DT
quick_JJAT JJATother
chats_NN NNother
plus_CC
I_PP1S PP1
'll_MDWS MDPREDAll CONT
open_VB ACT
up_RP
every_QUAN
time_NN NNQUANT
I_PP1S PP1
can_MDCA MDPOSSCAll
see_VB MENTAL
what_WHSC WhVSTNCAll WhVFCT
Jill_NN NNP
is_VPRT
talking_PROG COMM
about_IN INother
er_FPUH
put_VB ACT
your_PP2
phone_NN NNCONC
in_RB RBother
and_CC
then_RB RBother
I_PP1S PP1
I_PP1S PP1
can_MDCA MDPOSSCAll
have_VB
my_PP1S PP1
can_NN NNother
of_IN INother
Coke_NN NNP
._.
shall_MDWS MDPREDAll
we_PP1P PP1
put_VB ACT
the_DT
TV_NN NNother
on_RP
?_. YNQU
yeah_DMA
oh_FPUH
excuse_VB COMM POLITE
me_PP1S PP1
these_DEMO
Hi-Chews_NN NNother
are_VPRT BEMA
really_RB EMPH
nice_JJPR JJEVAL
I_PP1S PP1
dunno_VPRT
if_COND
they_PP3P PP3
have_VPRT
the_DT
new_JJAT JJTIME
flavour_NN NNother
or_CC
something_QUPR
._.
what_WHQU
flavour_NN NNother
is_VPRT BEMA
it_PIT
?_. WQ
it_PIT
says_VPRT COMM
new_JJAT JJTIME
strawberry_NN NNother
but_CC
they_PP3P PP3
've_VPRT CONT
got_HGOT
a_DT
white_JJAT JJDESCAll JJCOLR
bit_NN NNother
in_IN INother
the_DT
middle_NN NNPLACE
._.
oh_FPUH
can_MDCA MDPOSSCAll
I_PP1S PP1
try_VB ACT
one_CD
?_. YNQU
yeah_DMA
they_PP3P PP3
're_VPRT CONT BEMA
really_RB EMPH
good_JJPR JJEVAL
._.
how_WHQU
much_QUAN
were_VBD BEMA
they_PP3P PP3
?_. WQ
you_PP2
do_VPRT DOAUX
n't_XX0 CONT
remember_VB MENTAL
do_VB DOAUX
you_PP2
?_. QUTAG
I_PP1S PP1
've_VPRT CONT SPLIT
probably_HDG
got_VBN
a_DT
card_NN NNCONC
receipt_NN NCOMP
somewhere_QUPR
I_PP1S PP1
think_VPRT MENTAL THATD
I_PP1S PP1
spent_VBD ACT
four_CD
pound_NN NNother
in_IN INother
the_DT
shop_NN NNPLACE
but_CC
I_PP1S PP1
got_VBD
two_CD
cans_NN NNother
a_DT
bottle_NN NNother
and_CC
these_DEMO
._.
oh_FPUH
wow_FPUH
._.
they_PP3P PP3
had_VBD
loads_QUAN
of_IN INother
other_JJAT JJATother
flavours_NN NNother
as_CC
well_RB RBother
._.
and_CC
there_EX
's_VPRT CONT
mango_NN NNother
or_CC
anything_QUPR
cool_JJPR JJPRother
?_. YNQU
I_PP1S PP1
did_VBD DOAUX
n't_XX0 CONT
think_VB MENTAL
to_IN INother
look_VB
I_PP1S PP1
can't_MDother SPLIT
quite_RB RBother
remember_VB MENTAL
off_IN INother
the_DT
top_NN NNPLACE
of_IN INother
my_PP1S PP1
head_NN NNCONC
but_CC
I_PP1S PP1
was_VBD
just_RB EMPH
like_FPUH
oh_FPUH
my_PP1S PP1
god_NN NNHUMAN
strawberry_NN NCOMP
and_CC
it_PIT
looks_VPRT
like_LIKE
Hi-Chew_FPUH
I_PP1S PP1
'm_VPRT CONT
gon_GTO MDPREDAll
na_IN INother
get_VB
it_PIT
in_IN INother
case_NN NNCONC
it_PIT
is_VPRT
Hi-Chew_NN NNP
and_CC
if_COND
not_XX0
oh_FPUH
well_DMA
I_PP1S PP1
've_VPRT CONT
got_HGOT
some_QUAN
chewing_NN NNother
gum_NN NCOMP
see_VB MENTAL
what_WHQU
I_PP1S PP1
mean_VPRT COMM
?_. WQ
it_PIT
's_VPRT CONT
not_XX0
like_LIKE
._.
what_WHQU
are_VPRT
they_PP3P PP3
saying_PROG COMM
now_TIME
?_. WQ
Jack_NN NNP
do_VPRT DOAUX
you_PP2
wan_VB MENTAL
na_IN INother
put_VB ACT
my_PP1S PP1
phone_NN NNCONC
over_IN INother
there_PLACE
and_CC
yours_PP2
here_PLACE
?_. YNQU
okay_FPUH
there_EX
's_VPRT CONT
not_XX0
really_RB EMPH
much_QUAN
I_PP1S PP1
can_MDCA MDPOSSCAll
revise_VB
that_DEMO
any_QUAN
more_QUAN
._.
what_WHQU
's_VPRT CONT BEMA
it_PIT
say_VB COMM
?_. WQ
er_FPUH
they_PP3P PP3
're_VPRT CONT
gon_GTO MDPREDAll
na_IN INother
start_VB ASPECT
scheduling_VBG
these_DEMO
market_NN NNPLACE
craft_NN NCOMP
markets_NN NNPLACE
out_IN INother
of_IN INother
one_CD
every_QUAN
month_NN NNQUANT
at_IN INother
IVYBRIDGE_NN NNP
and_CC
have_VPRT
it_PIT
as_IN INother
a_DT
regular_JJAT JJATother
thing_NN NNother
not_XX0
just_RB EMPH
a_DT
but_CC
we_PP1P PP1
're_VPRT CONT
having_PROG
a_DT
market_NN NNPLACE
next_JJAT JJATother
week_NN NNQUANT
._.
no_DMA
but_CC
erm_FPUH
you_PP2
should_MDNE SPLIT
probably_HDG
reply_VB COMM
just_RB EMPH
for_IN INother
a_DT
few_QUAN
to_IN INother
show_VB ACT
that_DEMO
._.
yeah_DMA
._.
so_SO
reply_VB COMM
to_IN INother
that_DEMO
one_NN NNother
go_VPRT
oh_FPUH
that_THSC THSCother
that_DEMO
would_MDWO MDPREDAll
be_VB
erm_FPUH
with_IN INother
them_PP3P PP3
bringing_VBG ACT
in_RP
more_QUAN
business_NN NOMZ
regular_JJAT JJATother
customers_NN NNHUMAN
all_QUAN
that_DEMO
._.
this_DEMO
TV's_VPRT CONT BEMA
so_EMPH
useless_JJPR JJPRother
let_VIMP CAUSE
's_PP1P PP1
turn_VB ACT
on_IN INother
cos_CUZ
there_EX
's_VPRT CONT
that_DEMO
stupid_JJAT JJATother
bit_NN NNother
of_IN STPR
._.
what_WHQU
?_. WQ
merry_JJAT JJATother
Christmas_NN NNP
thing_NN NCOMP
in_IN INother
the_DT
way_NN NNABSPROC
so_SO
you_PP2
gotta_MDother
try_VB ACT
and_CC
angle_VB
it_PIT
round_IN INother
it_PIT
okay_JJPR JJPRother
then_RB RBother
what_WHQU
are_VPRT
we_PP1P PP1
going_PROG
on_RP
?_. WQ
Netflix_NN NNP
or_CC
._.
who_WHQU
was_VBD
watching_PROG ACT
that_DEMO
?_. WQ
Jill_NN NNP
you_PP2
quite_RB RBother
liked_VBD MENTAL
that_DEMO
film_NN NNCONC
did_VBD DOAUX
n't_XX0 CONT
you_PP2
?_. QUTAG
what_WHQU
?_. WQ
you_PP2
quite_RB RBother
like_LIKE
the_DT
Pineapple_NN NNP
Express_NN NNP
do_VPRT DOAUX
n't_XX0 CONT
you_PP2
?_. QUTAG
I_PP1S PP1
love_VPRT MENTAL
it_PIT
yeah_DMA
._.
have_VPRT
you_PP2
seen_PEAS MENTAL
erm_FPUH
?_. YNQU
shit_FPUH EMPH
sorry_JJPR POLITE
._.
oh_FPUH
god_FPUH
sorry_JJPR POLITE
sitting_VBG ACT
it_PIT
's_VPRT CONT
taking_PROG ACT
so_EMPH
long_RB RBother
to_IN INother
get_VB
into_IN INother
these_DEMO
._.
I_PP1S PP1
know_VPRT MENTAL THATD
it_PIT
's_VPRT CONT BEMA
a_DT
really_RB EMPH
tough_JJAT JJATother
packet_NN NNother
._.
oh_FPUH
they_PP3P PP3
smell_VPRT
good_JJPR JJEVAL
._.
some_QUAN
of_IN INother
them_PP3P PP3
are_VPRT
like_LIKE
some_QUAN
of_IN INother
my_PP1S PP1
favourites_NN NNother
from_IN STPR
._.
yeah_DMA
._.
there_EX
's_VPRT CONT
the_DT
mm_FPUH
do_VPRT DOAUX
you_PP2
ever_FREQ
watch_VB ACT
Luther_NN NNP
?_. YNQU
yeah_DMA
I_PP1S PP1
did_VBD ACT
with_IN INother
my_PP1S PP1
parents_NN NNHUMAN
._.
oh_FPUH
god_FPUH
it_PIT
was_VBD BEMA
so_EMPH
good_JJPR JJEVAL
._.
mm_FPUH
._.
Home_NN NNGRP
Alone_RB RBother
no_DMA
?_.
have_VPRT
n't_XX0 CONT
seen_PEAS MENTAL
Air_NN NNP
Command_NN NNP
Two_CD
is_VPRT BEMA
it_PIT
any_QUAN
good_JJPR JJEVAL
?_. YNQU
yeah_DMA
it_PIT
's_VPRT CONT BEMA
alright_JJPR JJPRother
._.
mm._FPUH
can't_FPUH
really_RB EMPH
remember_VB MENTAL
it_PIT
._.
it_PIT
only_RB RBother
got_VBD
two_CD
star_NN NNTECH
what_WHQU
else_JJPR JJPRother
is_VPRT
there_PLACE
?_. WQ
apparently_HDG
that_DEMO
's_VPRT CONT BEMA
just_RB EMPH
a_DT
really_RB EMPH
brutal_JJAT JJATother
arse_NN NNother
film_NN NCOMP
like_LIKE
incredibly_RB RBother
violent_JJPR JJPRother
._.
mm._SYM
Ratatouille_NN NNP
?_. YNQU
what_WHQU
was_VBD BEMA
that_DEMO
film_NN NNCONC
with_IN INother
that_DEMO
actress_NN NNother
that_THSC THSCother
everyone_QUPR
things_NN NNother
is_VPRT BEMA
really_RB EMPH
hot_JJPR JJPRother
?_. WQ
Megan_NN NNP
Fox_NN NNP
there_EX
was_VBD
a_DT
film_NN NNCONC
and_CC
it_PIT
was_VBD
like_LIKE
a_DT
was_VBD BEMA
it_PIT
Megan_NN NNP
Fox_NN NNP
?_. YNQU
the_DT
vampire_NN NNother
one_NN NCOMP
?_. YNQU
yeah_DMA
._.
erm_FPUH
there_EX
's_VPRT CONT
a_DT
really_RB EMPH
cool_JJAT JJATother
song_NN NNother
in_IN INother
that_THSC ELAB
I_PP1S PP1
watched_VBD ACT
it_PIT
once_TIME
erm_FPUH
I_PP1S PP1
can't_MDother
remember_VB MENTAL
what_WHSC WhVSTNCAll WhVFCT
the_DT
song_NN NNother
is_VPRT
and_CC
I_PP1S PP1
could_MDCO MDPOSSCAll
n't_XX0 CONT
find_VB VFCTother
it_PIT
anywhere_PLACE
I_PP1S PP1
can't_MDother
remember_VB MENTAL
what_WHSC WhVSTNCAll WhVFCT
it_PIT
was_VBD
called_PASS PASSAll COMM
that_THRC THRCother
looks_VPRT
atrocious_JJPR JJPRother
._.
mm._FPUH
oh_FPUH
you_PP2
have_VPRT
n't_XX0 CONT
seen_PEAS MENTAL
that_DEMO
cos_CUZ
you_PP2
do_VPRT DOAUX
n't_XX0 CONT
like_VB MENTAL
puppets_NN NNother
._.
no_DMA
no_DMA
._.
it_PIT
's_VPRT CONT BEMA
so_EMPH
funny_JJPR JJPRother
they_PP3P PP3
make_VPRT ACT
the_DT
puppets_NN NNother
have_VB
sex_NN NNABSPROC
in_IN INother
one_CD
point_NN NNother
._.
even_RB RBother
more_AMP
terrifying_JJPR JJPRother
._.
have_VPRT
you_PP2
seen_PEAS MENTAL
that_DEMO
?_. YNQU
yeah_DMA
._.
did_VBD DOAUX
n't_XX0 CONT
we_PP1P PP1
try_VB ACT
and_CC
half_QUAN
watch_VB ACT
that_DEMO
once_TIME
?_. YNQU
mm_FPUH
the_DT
Hungover_NN NNP
Games_NN NNP
._.
that_DEMO
's_VPRT CONT BEMA
funny_JJPR JJPRother
you_PP2
have_VPRT
n't_XX0 CONT
seen_PEAS MENTAL
that_DEMO
have_VB
you_PP2
?_. QUTAG
yeah_DMA
I_PP1S PP1
think_VPRT MENTAL
._.
it_PIT
's_VPRT CONT
er._FPUH
we_PP1P PP1
watched_VBD ACT
it_PIT
once_TIME
did_VBD DOAUX
n't_XX0 CONT
we_PP1P PP1
?_. QUTAG
I_PP1S PP1
know_VPRT MENTAL THATD
I_PP1S PP1
watched_VBD ACT
I_PP1S PP1
dunno_VPRT
if_COND
you_PP2
were_VBD BEMA
with_IN INother
me_PP1S PP1
and_CC
we_PP1P PP1
and_CC
the_DT
piss_NN NNother
-_HYPH
take_NN NNother
version_NN NCOMP
of_IN INother
Narnia_NN NNP
._.
mm._FPUH
what_WHQU
the_DT
fudge_NN NNother
?_. WQ
what_WHQU
?_. WQ
what_WHQU
is_VPRT BEMA
it_PIT
?_. WQ
it_PIT
's_VPRT CONT BEMA
a_DT
it's_PP1P PP1
a_DT
about_IN INother
I_PP1S PP1
do_VPRT DOAUX
n't_XX0 CONT
know_VB MENTAL
._.
what_WHQU
's_VPRT CONT BEMA
a_DT
GBF_NN NNother
?_. WQ
gay_JJAT JJATother
best_JJAT EMPH
friend_NN NNHUMAN
._.
oh._FPUH
do_VPRT DOAUX
n't_XX0 CONT
you_PP2
know_VB MENTAL
anything_QUPR
?_. YNQU
you_PP2
spend_VPRT ACT
more_QUAN
time_NN NNQUANT
looking_VBG
for_IN INother
something_QUPR
to_IN INother
watch_VB ACT
on_IN INother
Netflix_NN NNP
do_VPRT DOAUX
n't_XX0 CONT
you_PP2
than_IN INother
actually_DMA
watching_VBG ACT
it_PIT
._.
yeah_DMA
wanna_MDother
look_VB
in_IN INother
a_DT
different_JJAT JJREL
section_NN NNQUANT
maybe_HDG
?_. YNQU
new_JJAT JJTIME
releases_NN NNother
maybe_HDG
oh_FPUH
is_VPRT
there_EX
the_DT
new_JJAT JJTIME
?_. YNQU
no._NN NNother
then_RB RBother
why_WHQU
is_VPRT BEMA
it_PIT
on_IN INother
new_JJAT JJTIME
releases_NN NNother
?_. WQ
cos_CUZ
there_EX
's_VPRT CONT
nothing_QUPR
new_JJPR JJTIME
._.
that_DEMO
's_VPRT CONT BEMA
a_DT
lie_NN NNother
villainy_NN NCOMP
._.
ah._FPUH
that_DEMO
was_VBD BEMA
impressive_JJAT JJATother
Glitter_NN NNP
Force_NN NNP
._.
that_DEMO
's_VPRT CONT
something_QUPR
you'd_IN CONT
be_VB BEMA
into_IN INother
girls_NN NNHUMAN
in_IN INother
revealing_VBG EXIST
like_LIKE
clothes_NN NNother
that_THRC THRCother
was_VBD
not_XX0
very_AMP
good_JJPR JJEVAL
but_CC
can't_RB RBother
stop_VB ASPECT
watching_VBG ACT
it_PIT
kind_NN NNABSPROC
of_IN INother
thing_NN NNother
until_IN INother
you_PP2
realise_VPRT
that_THSC ThSTNCAll ThVSTNCAll ThVFCT
you_PP2
should_MDNE
probably_HDG
._.
stop_VB ASPECT
maybe_HDG
._.
stop_VB ASPECT
watching_VBG ACT
it_PIT
._.
Human_FPUH
Centipede_NN NNP
three_CD
?_. YNQU
have_VPRT SPLIT
n't_XX0 CONT
even_RB RBother
seen_PEAS MENTAL
the_DT
first_JJAT JJATother
one_NN NNother
._.
erm_FPUH
yeah_DMA
._.
what_WHQU
?_. WQ
what_WHQU
?_. WQ
what_WHQU
?_. WQ
I_PP1S PP1
do_VPRT SPLIT DOAUX
n't_XX0 CONT
really_RB EMPH
know_VB MENTAL
to_IN ToSTNCAll ToVSTNCAll ToVMNTL
be_VB BEMA
honest_JJPR JJPRother
I_PP1S PP1
'm_VPRT CONT BEMA
really_RB EMPH
tired_JJPR JJPRother
._.
me_PP1S PP1
too_RB RBother
oh_FPUH
no_DMA
is_VPRT
that_THSC THSCother
no_DMA
it_PIT
's_VPRT CONT
not_XX0
is_VPRT
it_PIT
?_. QUTAG
it_PIT
's_VPRT CONT
Daniel_NN NNP
Radcliffe_NN NNP
._.
is_VPRT BEMA
it_PIT
really_RB EMPH
?_. YNQU
playing_VBG ACT
the_DT
yeah_DMA
._.
what_WHQU
is_VPRT
he_PP3S PP3
in_IN INother
there_PLACE
?_. WQ
he_PP3S PP3
's_VPRT CONT
got_HGOT
horns_NN NNother
._.
is_VPRT BEMA
that_DEMO
supposed_VBN MENTAL
to_IN ToSTNCAll ToVSTNCAll ToVMNTL
be_VB BEMA
a_DT
a_DT
good_JJAT JJEVAL
film_NN NNCONC
?_. YNQU
three_CD
and_CC
a_DT
half_QUAN
stars_NN NNTECH
I_PP1S PP1
've_VPRT CONT
heard_PEAS MENTAL
people_NN NNHUMAN
talk_VB COMM
about_IN INother
it_PIT
before_TIME
._.
mm_FPUH
._.
they_PP3P PP3
made_VBD ACT
the_DT
TV_NN NNother
series_NN NCOMP
of_IN INother
that_THSC THSCother
it_PIT
's_VPRT CONT
gonna_IN INother
be_VB BEMA
a_DT
bit_QUAN
better_JJPR JJPRother
than_IN INother
the_DT
shit_NN EMPH
that_THRC THRCother
was_VBD
maybe_HDG
funny_JJPR JJPRother
as_CC
well_RB RBother
._.
yeah_DMA
._.
she_PP3S PP3
spent_VBD ACT
er_FPUH
there_PLACE
you_PP2
go_VPRT
and_CC
so_SO
it_PIT
's_VPRT CONT
got_HGOT
a_DT
funny_JJAT JJATother
camp_NN NNother
gay_JJAT JJATother
black_JJAT JJDESCAll JJCOLR
guy_NN NNHUMAN
in_IN INother
it_PIT
._.
watch_VB ACT
it_PIT
if_COND
you_PP2
want_VPRT MENTAL
._.
mm_FPUH
okay_FPUH
we_PP1P PP1
will_MDWS MDPREDAll
._.
yeah_DMA
?_.
why_WHQU
was_VBD BEMA
she_PP3S PP3
trapped_PASS PASSAll
underground_PLACE
?_. WQ
I_PP1S PP1
will_MDWS MDPREDAll
imagine_VB MENTAL THATD
that_DEMO
will_MDWS MDPREDAll
be_VB
revealed_PASS PASSAll EXIST
in_IN INother
the_DT
programme_NN NNother
._.
ah_FPUH
oh_FPUH
Christmassy_FPUH
ah_FPUH
oh_FPUH
cute_JJPR JJPRother
._.
what_WHQU
?_. WQ
cult_NN NNother
leader_NN NCOMP
apprehended_VBN
whilst_CC
acting_VBG
weird_JJPR JJPRother
at_IN INother
Omaha_NN NNP
._.
gonna_MDother
pause_VB
this_DEMO
because_CUZ
I_PP1S PP1
believe_VPRT MENTAL THATD
a_DT
wild_JJAT JJATother
dickhead_NN NNother
has_VPRT
appeared_PEAS EXIST
._.
oh._FPUH
can_MDCA MDPOSSCAll
you_PP2
hear_VB MENTAL
the_DT
music_NN NNABSPROC
from_IN INother
here_PLACE
?_. YNQU
he_PP3S PP3
will_MDWS MDPREDAll
give_VB ACT
permission_NN NNother
for_IN INother
this_DEMO
wo_MDWO MDPREDAll
n't_XX0 CONT
he_PP3S PP3
?_. QUTAG
what_WHQU
?_. WQ
he_PP3S PP3
'll_MDWS MDPREDAll CONT
give_VB ACT
permission_NN NNother
for_IN INother
this_DEMO
wo_MDWO MDPREDAll
n't_XX0 CONT
he_PP3S PP3
?_. QUTAG
probably_HDG
._.
well_DMA
if_COND
not_XX0
I_PP1S PP1
'll_MDWS MDPREDAll CONT
delete_VB
it_PIT
._.
mm_FPUH
what_WHQU
was_VBD BEMA
it_PIT
?_. WQ
we_PP1P PP1
can_MDCA MDPOSSCAll
carry_VB ACT
on_IN INother
yum_NN NNother
yum_NN NCOMP
these_DEMO
are_VPRT BEMA
good_JJPR JJEVAL
yeah_DMA
he_PP3S PP3
woke_VBD
up_RP
when_WHSC WHSCother
we_PP1P PP1
left_VBD ACT
._.
mm_FPUH
._.
which_WHSC WHSCother
was_VBD BEMA
earlyish_JJPR JJPRother
it_PIT
was_VBD
about_HDG
ten_CD
was_VBD
n't_XX0 CONT
it_PIT
?_. QUTAG
but_CC
before_IN INother
ten_CD
._.
you_PP2
say_VPRT COMM
woke_VBD
up_RP
he_PP3S PP3
was_VBD
collapsed_PASS PASSAll
on_IN INother
that_DEMO
chair_NN NNCONC
._.
but_CC
did_VBD DOAUX
n't_XX0 CONT
go_VB
to_IN INother
sleep_VB
so_SO
he_PP3S PP3
had_VBD
five_CD
hours_NN NNQUANT
'_POS
sleep_NN NNother
and_CC
then_RB RBother
still_RB RBother
managed_VBD
to_IN ToSTNCAll ToVSTNCAll ToVEFRT
go_VB
out_RP
last_JJAT JJATother
night_NN NNother
and_CC
then_RB RBother
._.
he_PP3S PP3
went_VBD
out_RP
last_JJAT JJATother
night_NN NNother
as_CC
well_RB RBother
?_. YNQU
well_DMA
with_IN INother
me_PP1S PP1
._.
oh_FPUH
on_IN INother
the_DT
thought_NN NSTNCother
you_PP2
meant_VBD COMM
out_RP
out_RP
._.
well_DMA
._.
what_WHQU
's_VPRT CONT BEMA
this_DEMO
programme_NN NNother
called_VBN COMM
again_FREQ
?_. WQ
the_DT
Unbreakable_NN NNP
Kimmy_NN NNP
Schmidt_NN NNP
._.
oh._FPUH
mole_NN NNCONC
women_NN NCOMP
._.