Bezos_NN NNP
and_CC
Musk_NN NNP
also_CC
saw_VBD MENTAL THATD
their_TPP3P
wealth_NN NNother
grow_VB OCCUR
immensely_RB RBother
during_IN INother
the_DT
pandemic_NN NNother
._.
It_PIT
is_VPRT
only_RB RBother
a_DT
consequence_NN NNCOG
of_IN INother
money_NN NNother
moving_VBG ACT
away_PLACE
from_IN INother
gold_NN NNother
to_IN INother
the_DT
more_AMP
safer_JJAT JJATother
stock_NN NNother
of_IN INother
fast_JJPR JJPRother
growing_VBG OCCUR
companies_NN NNGRP
._.
No_XX0
need_NN NNCOG
to_IN INother
insinuate_VB
that_THSC THSCother
corruption_NN NOMZ
is_VPRT BEMA
the_DT
reason_NN NSTNCother
._.
Mr._NN NNP
Sunny_NN NNP
....._.
Modi_NN NNP
is_VPRT
doing_PROG ACT
so_EMPH
many_QUAN
and_CC
so_EMPH
many_QUAN
good_JJAT JJEVAL
things_NN NNother
which_WHSC WHSCother
are_VPRT
open_JJPR JJPRother
to_IN INother
verification_NN NOMZ
and_CC
which_WHSC WHSCother
I_FPP1S FPPAll
put_VBD ACT
up_RP
in_IN INother
my_FPP1S FPPAll
comment_NN NSTNCother
._.
Anyway_DMA
Ambani_NN NNP
and_CC
Adani_NN NNP
were_VBD
very_AMP
and_CC
very_AMP
rich_JJPR JJPRother
even_RB RBother
during_IN INother
the_DT
UPA_NN NNP
years_NN NCOMP
as_IN INother
they_TPP3P
have_VPRT
not_XX0
become_VB OCCUR
rich_JJPR JJPRother
overnight_RB RBother
or_CC
during_IN INother
the_DT
Modi_NN NNP
years_NN NCOMP
and_CC
any_QUAN
way_NN NNABSPROC
their_TPP3P
respective_JJPR JJPRother
businesses_NN NOMZ
are_VPRT BEMA
absolutely_AMP
in_IN INother
no_XX0
way_NN NNABSPROC
connected_VBN
with_IN INother
Modi_NN NNP
and_CC
his_TPP3S
government_NN NNGRP
._.
And_CC
also_CC
in_IN INother
the_DT
very_AMP
article_NN NNother
now_TIME
where_WHSC WHSCother
it_PIT
is_VPRT
insinuated_PASS PASSAll
\_,
said_VBD COMM
indirectly_RB RBother
that_DEMO
it_PIT
suspected_VBD MENTAL
of_IN INother
some_QUAN
foul_NN NNother
play_NN NCOMP
with_IN INother
regards_NN NNother
to_IN INother
their_TPP3P
becoming_VBG OCCUR
so_EMPH
rich_JJPR JJPRother
or_CC
becoming_VBG OCCUR
so_EMPH
rich_JJPR JJPRother
._.
So_SO
why_WHSC WHSCother
you_SPP2
comment_VPRT
based_VBN
on_IN INother
hunches_NN NNother
,_,
prejudices_NN NNother
,_,
non_NN NNother
facts_NN NSTNCother
,_,
non_JJAT JJATother
truths_NN NNABSPROC
,_,
doubts_NN NSTNCother
and_CC
partisan_JJAT JJATother
opinions_NN NSTNCother
?_.
Be_VB BEMA
honest_JJPR JJPRother
,_,
be_VB BEMA
sincere_JJPR JJPRother
to_.
the_DT
Almighty_NN NNP
,_,
be_VB BEMA
with_IN INother
integrity_NN NOMZ
and_CC
be_VB BEMA
with_IN INother
honest_JJAT JJATother
thinking_NN NNother
._.
Since_IN INother
the_DT
very_AMP
all_QUAN
powerful_JJAT JJATother
Almighty_NN NNP
Himself_TPP3S
is_VPRT BEMA
with_IN INother
Modi_NN NNP
and_CC
his_TPP3S
government_NN NNGRP
and_CC
so_SO
Modi_NN NNP
,_,
his_TPP3S
government_NN NNGRP
,_,
BJP_NN NNP
and_CC
NDA_NN NNP
can_MDCA MDPOSSCAll SPLIT
never_FREQ
be_VB
defeated_PASS PASSAll
in_IN INother
any_QUAN
elections_NN NOMZ
or_CC
in_IN INother
any_QUAN
manner_NN NNABSPROC
._.
Truth_NN NNABSPROC
is_VPRT BEMA
with_IN INother
Modi_NN NNP
and_CC
his_TPP3S
government_NN NNGRP
._.
Facts_NN NSTNCother
are_VPRT
﻿_FPUH
﻿with_NN NNP
Modi_NN NNP
and_CC
his_TPP3S
government﻿﻿_NN NNother
._.
The_DT
reality_NN NNABSPROC
is_VPRT
﻿﻿with_NN NNP
Modi_NN NNP
and_CC
his_TPP3S
government﻿﻿_FPUH
._.
All_QUAN
these_DEMO
fake_JJAT JJATother
rich_JJAT JJATother
farmer_NN NNHUMAN
and_CC
atriya_JJAT JJATother
protests_NN NNother
will_MDWS MDPREDAll
be_VB
defeated_PASS PASSAll
by_IN INother
the_DT
all_QUAN
powerful_JJAT JJATother
Almighty_NN NNP
for_IN INother
once_TIME
and_CC
for_IN INother
all_QUAN
._.
Corrupt_JJAT JJATother
people_NN NNHUMAN
,_,
scamsters_NN NNother
and_CC
looters_NN NNother
too_RB RBother
will_MDWS MDPREDAll
get_VB
get_VB
defeated_PGET PASSAll
by_IN INother
the_DT
all_QUAN
powerful_JJAT JJATother
Almighty_NN NNP
._.
Period_NN NNQUANT
._.
There_EX
was_VBD
a_DT
lot_QUAN
of_IN INother
vaccine_NN NNother
hesitancy_NN NCOMP
initially_TIME
during_IN INother
the_DT
1st_NN NNother
and_CC
2nd_CD
vaccine_NN NNother
drives_VPRT
through_IN INother
out_RP
India_NN NNP
when_WHSC WHSCother
the_DT
health_NN NNABSPROC
workers_NN NCOMP
and_CC
front_JJAT JJATother
line_NN NNother
workers_NN NNHUMAN
were_VBD
given_PASS PASSAll ACT
top_JJAT JJREL
priority_NN NOMZ
chance_NN NCOMP
\_,
opportunity_NN NNABSPROC
of_IN PrepNSTNC
1st_NN NNother
and_CC
2nd_CD
recipients_NN NNother
._.
The_DT
capacity_NN NOMZ
utilization_NN NCOMP
in_IN INother
the_DT
1st_JJAT JJATother
and_CC
2nd_CD
vaccination_NN NOMZ
drives_NN NCOMP
was_VBD
only_RB RBother
around_HDG
50_CD
%_NN NNother
(_-LRB-
in_IN INother
case_NN NNCONC
of_IN INother
health_NN NNABSPROC
workers_NN NCOMP
)_-RRB-
and_CC
around_HDG
60_CD
%_NN NNother
(_-LRB-
in_IN INother
case_NN NNCONC
of_IN INother
front_JJAT JJATother
line_NN NNother
workers_NN NCOMP
)_-RRB-
._.
Only_RB RBother
after_IN INother
the_DT
starting_NN NNother
of_IN INother
the_DT
3rd_CD
massive_JJAT JJATother
vaccination_NN NOMZ
drive_VB
for_IN INother
the_DT
above_JJAT JJATother
60_CD
years_NN NNother
category_NN NCOMP
plus_CC
people_NN NNHUMAN
above_IN INother
45_CD
with_IN INother
comorbidities_NN NOMZ
with_IN INother
Narendra_NN NNP
Modi_NN NNP
,_,
PM_NN NNother
himself_TPP3S
took_VBD ACT
the_DT
first_JJAT JJATother
shot_NN NNother
and_CC
thus_CUZ
so_SO
successfully_RB RBother
kick_NN NNother
started_VBD ASPECT
the_DT
program_NN NNother
and_CC
so_SO
as_IN INother
a_DT
consequence_NN CUZ
and_CC
as_IN INother
a_DT
massive_JJAT JJATother
encouragement_NN NOMZ
now_TIME
a_DT
days_NN NNQUANT
almost_DWNT
not_XX0
less_QUAN
than_IN INother
one_CD
million_CD
successful_JJPR JJPRother
vaccinations_NN NOMZ
are_VPRT
happening_PROG OCCUR
in_IN INother
India_NN NNP
._.
﻿_NN NNother
Because_CUZ
of_IN INother
Modi_NN NNP
taking_VBG ACT
the_DT
vaccine_NN NNother
and_CC
so_SO
as_IN INother
a_DT
result_NN NSTNCother CUZ
nearly_DWNT
6_CD
fold_VB
the_DT
vaccine_NN NNother
taking_VBG ACT
up_RP
by_IN INother
Indians_NN NNP
increased_VBN OCCUR
incredibly_RB RBother
﻿!!!!_.
Now_TIME
the_DT
total_JJAT JJATother
vaccinated_VBN
Indians_NN NNP
till_VPRT
today_TIME
roughly_HDG
stands_VPRT EXIST
out_RB RBother
at_IN INother
2.8_CD
(_-LRB-
28_CD
million_CD
people_NN NNHUMAN
)_-RRB-
and_CC
it_PIT
is_VPRT BEMA
the_DT
﻿_JJAT JJATother
3_CD
rd_NN NNother
highest_JJPR JJPRother
vaccinated_VBN
country_NN NNPLACE
﻿_VPRT
after_IN INother
US_NN NNP
9.8_CD
(_-LRB-
98_CD
million_CD
)_-RRB-
and_CC
China_NN NNP
5_CD
(_-LRB-
50_CD
million_CD
)_-RRB-
._.
But_CC
even_RB RBother
now_TIME
in_IN INother
the_DT
3rd_CD
massive_JJAT JJATother
vaccination_NN NOMZ
drive_VB
the_DT
capacity_NN NOMZ
utilization_NN NOMZ
is_VPRT
only_RB RBother
around_HDG
60_CD
%_NN NNother
!!!!_.
Still_RB RBother
the_DT
vaccine_NN NNother
hesitancy_NN NCOMP
is_VPRT BEMA
the_DT
biggest_JJAT JJATother
problem_NN NNother
India_NN NNP
is_VPRT
facing_PROG MENTAL
currently_TIME
as_RB RBother
far_PLACE
as_IN INother
the_DT
massive_JJAT JJATother
vaccinations_NN NOMZ
are_VPRT BEMA
concerned_JJPR JJATDother
._.
Period_NN NNQUANT
._.
But_CC
any_QUAN
way_NN NNABSPROC
slowly_RB RBother
and_CC
slowly_RB RBother
people_NN NNHUMAN
will_MDWS MDPREDAll
get_VB
out_IN INother
of_IN INother
the_DT
vaccine_NN NNother
hesitancy_NN NCOMP
as_IN INother
more_QUAN
and_CC
more_QUAN
people_NN NNHUMAN
take_VPRT ACT
the_DT
vaccine_NN NNother
._.
Now_TIME
,_,
no_XX0
one_QUPR
would_MDWO MDPREDAll
be_VB BEMA
happier_JJPR JJPRother
than_IN INother
the_DT
DUO_NN NNother
._.
Their_TPP3P
relentless_JJAT JJATother
labour_NN NNother
has_VPRT
yielded_PEAS
results_NN NSTNCother
._.
'_``
National_NN NNP
Bhaipo_NN NNP
'_''
is_VPRT SPLIT
also_CC
emerging_PROG OCCUR
._.
He_TPP3S
has_VPRT
proved_PEAS MENTAL
his_TPP3S
charisma_NN NNother
in_RB RBother
business_NN NOMZ
by_IN INother
increasing_VBG OCCUR
his_TPP3S
wealth_NN NNother
from_IN INother
some_QUAN
50th_CD
._.
to_IN INother
80_CD
within_IN INother
a_DT
year_NN NNother
._.
He_TPP3S
has_VPRT
now_TIME
on_IN INother
apprenticeship_NN NNother
in_IN INother
the_DT
world_NN NNother
of_IN INother
sports_NN NNother
to_IN INother
increase_VB OCCUR
business_NN NOMZ
connectivity_NN NOMZ
._.
Carry_VB ACT
on_RP
DUO_NN NNother
,_,
no_XX0
one_QUPR
will_MDWS MDPREDAll
match_VB
your_SPP2
sincerity_NN NOMZ
in_IN INother
100_CD
years_NN NNother
._.
Where_WHSC WHSCother
is_VPRT
ED_NN NNP
now_TIME
?_.
Under_IN INother
the_DT
blanket_NN NNother
.._.
Mr._NN NNP
navi_NN NNP
king_NN NCOMP
........_,
If_COND
there_EX
is_VPRT
any_QUAN
illegitimacy_NN NNother
\_,
illegality_NN NOMZ
then_RB RBother
ED_NN NNP
will_MDWS MDPREDAll
interfere_VB
automatically_RB RBother
as_IN INother
otherwise_COND
what_WHSC WHSCother
is_VPRT BEMA
the_DT
need_NN NNCOG
for_IN INother
ED_NN NNP
in_IN INother
this_DEMO
instance_NN NNother
?_.
Important_JJPR JJPRother
to_IN ToSTNCAll ToJSTNCAll ToJEVAL
note_VB
,_,
Adani_NN NNP
'﻿_,
﻿a_``
first_JJPR JJPRother
-_HYPH
generation_NN NNABSPROC
entrepreneur﻿﻿_NN NCOMP
'_''
._.
Built_VBD
his_TPP3S
empire_NN NNother
all_QUAN
by_IN INother
himself_TPP3S
._.
Certainly_RB RSTNCAll RFACT
a_DT
role_NN NNABSPROC
model_NN NCOMP
for_IN INother
many_QUAN
who_WHSC WHSCother
wish_VPRT MENTAL
to_IN ToSTNCAll ToVSTNCAll ToVDSR
succeed_VB
._.
Much_QUAN
shame_NN NNother
to_IN INother
the_DT
Pappus_NN NNP
of_IN INother
the_DT
world_NN NNother
,_,
whose_WHSC WHSCother
only_JJAT JJATother
claim_NN NNABSPROC
to_IN PrepNSTNC
fame_NN NNother
rides_VPRT
on_RB RBother
family_NN NNHUMAN
ties_NN NCOMP
._.
Well_DMA
done_VBN ACT
sir_NN NNP
,_,
you_SPP2
make_VPRT ACT
India_NN NNP
proud_JJPR JJPRother
._.
As_IN INother
India_NN NNP
grows_VPRT OCCUR
to_IN INother
a_DT
$_$
5_CD
trillion_CD
economy_NN NNABSPROC
,_,
we_FPP1P FPPAll
will_MDWS MDPREDAll
see_VB MENTAL
many_QUAN
like_LIKE
you_SPP2
._.
﻿_FPUH
Spotlessly_RB RBother
And_CC
Immaculately_RB RBother
Spot_NN NNCONC
On﻿_NN NNP
Came_VBD ACT
up_RP
just_RB EMPH
like_LIKE
that_DEMO
?_.
are_VPRT
you_SPP2
coming_PROG ACT
out_RP
from_IN INother
hibernation_NN NOMZ
?_. YNQU
5_CD
trillion_CD
for_IN INother
whom_WHQU
and_CC
where_WHQU
?_.
You_SPP2
are_VPRT
just_RB EMPH
like_LIKE
your_SPP2
name_NN NNABSPROC
._.
Feel_VB MENTAL
your_SPP2
pain_NN NNother
._.
Do_VB DOAUX
n't_XX0 CONT
worry_VB MENTAL
,_,
it_PIT
will_MDWS MDPREDAll
pass_VB ACT
soon_TIME
._.
RSS_NN NNP
founder_NN NCOMP
is_VPRT BEMA
Marathi_NN NNP
,_,
BJP_NN NNP
/_,
Jan_NN NNP
Sangh_NN NNP
founder_NN NCOMP
is_VPRT BEMA
Bengali_JJPR JJPRother
._.
No_XX0
need_NN NNCOG
to_IN INother
spread_VB
hate_VPRT MENTAL
against_IN INother
Gujarati_NN NNP
if_COND
you_SPP2
disagree_VPRT COMM
with_IN INother
Modi_NN NNP
It_PIT
is_VPRT BEMA
more_AMP
hilarious_JJPR JJPRother
than_IN INother
fodder_NN NNother
for_IN INother
pride_NN NNother
._.
Adani_NN NNP
got_VBD
the_DT
jackpot_NN NNother
in_IN INother
the_DT
same_JJAT JJREL
year_NN NNother
India_NN NNP
had_VBD
its_PIT
only_JJAT JJATother
official_JJAT JJTOPIC
recession_NN NNother
in_IN INother
more_QUAN
than_IN INother
half_QUAN
a_DT
century_NN NNQUANT
,_,
managed_VBN
to_IN ToSTNCAll ToVSTNCAll ToVEFRT
hit_VB
world_NN NNother
's_POS
worst_JJAT JJATother
GDP_NN NNother
growth_NN NCOMP
rates_NN NNQUANT
in_IN INother
two_CD
consecutive_JJAT JJATother
quarters_NN NNQUANT
based_VBN
on_IN INother
already_TIME
crashing_VBG
pre-Covid_JJAT JJATother
growth_NN NNother
rates_NN NCOMP
of_IN INother
GDP_NN NNother
for_IN INother
eight_CD
consecutive_NN NNother
qtrs_NN NNother
,_,
managed_VBN
to_IN ToSTNCAll ToVSTNCAll ToVEFRT
reach_VB ACT
pre_NN NNP
Covid_NN NNP
and_CC
on_IN INother
Covid_NN NNP
unemployment_NN NCOMP
rates_NN NNQUANT
worst_JJPR JJPRother
in_IN INother
45_CD
years_NN NNother
,_,
allowed_VBD CAUSE
millions_NN NNother
of_IN INother
small_JJAT JJDESCAll JJSIZE
business_NN NOMZ
and_CC
migrant_JJAT JJATother
workers_NN NNHUMAN
to_IN INother
perish_VB
for_IN INother
good_JJPR JJEVAL
-_HYPH
in_IN INother
inglorious_JJAT JJATother
deaths_NN NNABSPROC
,_,
have_VIMP
historically_RB RBother
highest_JJAT JJATother
domestic_JJAT JJATother
fuel_NN NNother
rates_NN NCOMP
ever_FREQ
achieved_VBN
(_-LRB-
at_IN INother
even_RB RBother
double_VB
the_DT
international_JJAT JJATother
fuel_NN NNother
prices_NN NCOMP
in_IN INother
the_DT
past_NN NNABSPROC
,_,
prices_NN NNother
never_FREQ
came_VBD ACT
to_IN INother
even_RB RBother
80_CD
%_NN NNother
of_IN INother
this_DEMO
level_NN NNABSPROC
)_-RRB-
,_,
watched_VBD ACT
closely_RB RBother
,_,
thumbs_VBD
in_IN INother
our_FPP1P FPPAll
mouths_NN NNCONC
,_,
greatest_JJAT JJATother
exodus_NN NNother
of_IN INother
financial_JJAT JJATother
crooks_NN NNother
decamping_VBG
with_IN INother
unheard_JJPR JJPRother
of_IN INother
public_NN NNother
money_NN NNother
but_CC
did_VBD ACT
nothing_QUPR
to_IN INother
actually_DMA
anything_QUPR
to_IN INother
bring_VB ACT
back_RP
any_QUAN
stashed_VBN
funds_NN NNother
abroad_PLACE
,_,
drove_VBD
millions_NN NNother
of_IN INother
people_NN NNHUMAN
below_IN INother
poverty_NN NNother
lines_NN NCOMP
,_,
hit_VBN
second_RB RBother
highest_JJAT JJATother
Covid_NN NNP
infection_NN NOMZ
rate_NN NCOMP
in_IN INother
the_DT
world_NN NNother
although_CONC
all_QUAN
Asian_JJAT JJATother
countries_NN NNPLACE
did_VBD ACT
much_QUAN
much_QUAN
better_JJPR JJPRother
than_IN INother
the_DT
Europe_NN NNP
or_CC
America_NN NNP
etc._ELAB
etc_ELAB
._.
Are_VPRT BEMA
Indians_NN NNP
the_DT
most_EMPH
self_NN NNother
confessed_VBN
fools_NN NNother
in_IN INother
the_DT
world_NN NNother
that_THSC THSCother
they_TPP3P
take_VPRT ACT
pride_NN NNother
for_IN INother
a_DT
crook_NN NNother
who_WHSC WHSCother
thieved_VBD
when_WHSC WHSCother
the_DT
nation_NN NOMZ
submerged_VBN
into_IN INother
misery_NN NNother
?_.
Well_DMA
done_VBN ACT
India_NN NNP
._.
:)_NFP
Only_JJAT JJATother
thing_NN NNother
you_SPP2
have_VPRT
not_XX0
done_PEAS ACT
is_VPRT
blame_VB MENTAL
Modi_NN NNP
for_IN INother
the_DT
coronavirus_NN NNother
itself_PIT
You_SPP2
are_VPRT
perfect_JJAT JJATother
example_NN NNother
of_IN INother
someone_QUPR
who_WHSC WHSCother
writes_VPRT COMM
pages_NN NNCONC
of_IN INother
utter_JJAT JJATother
nonsense_NN NNother
knowing_VBG MENTAL
fully_AMP
well_DMA
he_TPP3S
wo_MDWS MDPREDAll
n't_XX0 CONT
need_MDNE
to_IN INother
substantiate_VB
anything_QUPR
._.
Why_WHSC WHSCother
,_,
I_FPP1S FPPAll
have_VPRT SPLIT
ONLY_RB RBother
quoted_PEAS COMM
substantiated_PEAS
and_CC
published_VBN
news_NN NSTNCother
reports_NN NSTNCother NCOMP
and_CC
statisticssingle_JJPR JJPRother
based_VBN
inferences_NN NNother
,_,
not_XX0
a_DT
single_JJAT JJREL
statement_NN NSTNCother
is_VPRT BEMA
my_FPP1S FPPAll
own_JJAT JJATother
fact_NN NSTNCother
,_,
they_TPP3P
are_VPRT BEMA
all_QUAN
public_JJAT JJREL
facts_NN NSTNCother
._.
Pl_FPUH
be_VB BEMA
rational_JJPR JJPRother
in_IN INother
your_SPP2
comments_NN NSTNCother
._.
Thank_VPRT COMM POLITE
you_SPP2
._.
Rational_JJPR JJPRother
?_.
what_WHQU
does_VPRT DOAUX
it_PIT
mean_VB COMM
?_.
If_COND
I_FPP1S FPPAll
had_VBD
known_PEAS MENTAL
what_WHSC WHSCother
it_PIT
means_VPRT COMM
,_,
I_FPP1S FPPAll
would_MDWO MDPREDAll
not_XX0
have_VB
been_VBN
clapping_PROG
when_WHSC WHSCother
the_DT
nation_NN NOMZ
is_VPRT
sliding_PROG
down_RP
the_DT
slippery_JJAT JJATother
slope_NN NNCONC
._.
Good_JJAT JJEVAL
luck_NN NNother
to_IN INother
Adani_NN NNP
with_IN INother
all_QUAN
his_TPP3S
billions_NN NNother
(_-LRB-
$_$
US_NN NNP
,_,
not_XX0
Indian_JJAT JJATother
rupees_NN NNother
)_-RRB-
I_FPP1S FPPAll
just_RB EMPH
want_VPRT MENTAL
15_CD
rupees_NN NNother
promised_VBN COMM
to_IN INother
me_FPP1S FPPAll
by_IN INother
Narendra_NN NNP
._.
Work_NN NNABSPROC
is_VPRT BEMA
fine_JJAT JJEVAL
SK_NN NNP
,_,
you_SPP2
also_CC
need_MDNE
to_IN INother
be_VB
given_PASS PASSAll ACT
opportunities_NN NSTNCother
,_,
need_VIMP MENTAL
luck_NN NNother
etc_ELAB
﻿_FPUH
“_``
Ask_VIMP COMM
not_XX0
what_WHSC WHSCother
your_SPP2
country_NN NNPLACE
can_MDCA MDPOSSCAll
do_VB ACT
for_IN INother
you_SPP2
–_:
ask_VB COMM
what_WHSC WhVSTNCAll WhVCOM
you_SPP2
can_MDCA MDPOSSCAll
do_VB ACT
for_IN INother
your_SPP2
country_NN NNPLACE
,_,
”_''
﻿._FPUH
Read_VIMP MENTAL
the_DT
autobiography_NN NNother
of_IN INother
any_QUAN
successful_JJAT JJATother
person_NN NNHUMAN
Has_VPRT
Adani_NN NNP
written_PEAS COMM
an_DT
autobiography_NN NNother
?_. YNQU
As_IN INother
a_DT
salaried_VBN
worker_NN NNHUMAN
,_,
my_FPP1S FPPAll
taxes_NN NNother
get_VPRT
deducted_PGET PASSAll
from_IN INother
my_FPP1S FPPAll
pay_NN NNother
._.
Thanks_CUZ
to_IN INother
MoSha_NN NNP
regime_NN NCOMP
!_.
god_NN NNP
's_POS
=_,
Supreme_NN NNP
Leader_NN NNP
?_.
>_NFP
Business_NN NOMZ
comes_VPRT ACT
naturally_RB RBother
to_IN INother
these_DEMO
people_NN NNHUMAN
._.
Still_RB RBother
a_DT
bit_QUAN
of_IN INother
help_NN NNABSPROC
from_IN INother
the_DT
right_JJAT JJEPSTother
quarters_NN NNQUANT
also_CC
helps_VPRT CAUSE
._.
I_FPP1S FPPAll
do_VPRT DOAUX
n't_XX0 CONT
have_VB
the_DT
connections_NN NNABSPROC
._.
Who_WHSC WHSCother
will_MDWS MDPREDAll
be_VB BEMA
the_DT
richest_JJAT JJATother
Adani_NN NNP
or_CC
Ambani_NN NNP
?_.
Maybe_HDG
Adani_NN NNP
as_IN INother
he_TPP3S
is_VPRT
﻿﻿﻿_NN NNP
﻿the_NN NNP
King_NN NNP
of_IN INother
Ports.﻿﻿﻿﻿_NN NNP
Sriram_NN NNP
Kalpathi_NN NNP
.........._,
May_MDMM MDPOSSCAll
be_VB BEMA
Adani_NN NNP
as_IN INother
he_TPP3S
is_VPRT BEMA
the_DT
King_NN NNHUMAN
of_IN INother
ports_NN NNother
which_WHSC WHSCother
you_SPP2
very_AMP
said_VBD COMM
._.
One_PRPother
should_MDNE
know_VB MENTAL
one_PRPother
's_POS
limit_NN NNother
in_IN INother
one_PRPother
's_POS
life_NN NNABSPROC
._.
Aspirations_NN NOMZ
and_CC
ambitions_NN NOMZ
are_VPRT
required_VBN CAUSE
for_IN INother
human_FPUH
beings_NN NNother
._.
Aspirations_NN NOMZ
differ_VPRT
from_IN INother
person_NN NNHUMAN
to_IN INother
person_NN NNHUMAN
._.
One_CD
should_MDNE
learn_VB MENTAL
to_IN ToSTNCAll ToVSTNCAll ToVMNTL
admire_VB
people_NN NNHUMAN
,_,
who_WHSC WHSCother
succeed_VPRT
in_IN INother
the_DT
field_NN NNPLACE
they_TPP3P
have_VPRT
chosen_PEAS MENTAL
._.
For_IN INother
example_NN ELAB
,_,
Sachin_NN NNP
Tendulkar_NN NNP
must_MDNE
be_VB
admired_PASS PASSAll
for_IN INother
attaining_VBG
the_DT
pinnacle_NN NNother
of_IN INother
glory_NN NNother
in_IN INother
the_DT
Cricketing_VBG
World_NN NNP
._.
Similarly_RB ELAB
,_,
Adani_NN NNP
and_CC
Ambani_NN NNP
must_MDNE
be_VB
admired_PASS PASSAll
for_IN INother
standing_VBG EXIST
Tall_NN NNP
in_IN INother
the_DT
world_NN NNother
of_IN INother
Business_NN NOMZ
._.
﻿_FPUH
Sriram_NN NNP
Kalpathi﻿_NN NNP
.........._,
Your_SPP2
comment_NN NSTNCother
is_VPRT BEMA
simply_RB RBother
great_JJPR JJEVAL
,_,
honest_JJPR JJPRother
,_,
sincere_JJPR JJPRother
and_CC
noble_JJPR JJPRother
and_CC
I_FPP1S FPPAll
appreciate_VPRT MENTAL
you_SPP2
a_DT
lot_QUAN
for_IN INother
the_DT
later_TIME
._.
Thank_VPRT COMM POLITE
you_SPP2
._.
Absolutely_AMP
right_JJPR JJEPSTother
._.
Where_WHSC WHSCother
is_VPRT
ED_NN NNP
and_CC
IT_PRPother
now_TIME
Indians_NN NNP
although_CONC
being_VBG BEMA
ill_JJPR JJPRother
-_HYPH
treated_VBN
in_IN INother
western_JJAT JJATother
countries_NN NNPLACE
still_RB RBother
go_VPRT
there_PLACE
as_RB RBother
n_CC
accept_VB MENTAL
all_QUAN
the_DT
ill_JJAT JJATother
treatments_NN NNABSPROC
including_VBG EXIST
racism_NN NNother
._.
They_TPP3P
themselves_TPP3P
r_VPRT
racist_JJPR JJPRother
in_IN INother
their_TPP3P
country_NN NNPLACE
when_WHSC WHSCother
it_PIT
comes_VPRT ACT
to_IN INother
colour_NN NNother
,_,
Cast_NN NNother
,_,
religion_NN NNABSPROC
but_CC
thy_SPP2
do_VPRT ACT
n't_XX0 CONT
want_VB MENTAL
themselves_TPP3P
to_IN INother
be_VB
treated_PASS PASSAll
similar_JJAT JJREL
ways_NN NNABSPROC
when_WHSC WHSCother
thy_SPP2
barge_NN NNother
into_IN INother
foreign_JJPR JJPRother
countries_NN NNPLACE
legally_RB RBother
but_CC
mostly_RB RBother
illegally_RB RBother
._.
There_EX
is_VPRT
a_DT
problem_NN NNother
that_THRC THRCother
should_MDNE
be_VB
solved_PASS PASSAll MENTAL
in_IN INother
a_DT
efficient_JJAT JJATother
way_NN NNABSPROC
that_THRC THRCother
's_VPRT CONT BEMA
all_QUAN
._.
Do_VB ACT
n't_XX0 CONT
name_VB
it_PIT
as_IN INother
this_DEMO
or_CC
that_DEMO
._.
We_FPP1P FPPAll
are_VPRT
living_PROG EXIST
in_IN INother
competitive_JJPR JJPRother
and_CC
modernized_VBN
world_NN NNother
to_.
appreciate_VPRT MENTAL
the_DT
oneness_NN NOMZ
of_IN INother
the_DT
humanity_FPUH
._.
Yes_DMA
we_FPP1P FPPAll
have_VPRT
so_EMPH
many_QUAN
problems_NN NNother
and_CC
we_FPP1P FPPAll
can_MDCA MDPOSSCAll
find_VB VFCTother
out_RP
solutions_NN NNTECH
too_RB RBother
._.
Regards_NN NNother
Is_VPRT BEMA
n't_XX0 CONT
it_PIT
a_DT
foolish_JJAT JJATother
thing_NN NNother
to_IN INother
expect_VB MENTAL
non_RB RBother
racist_JJAT JJATother
behaviour_NN NNother
from_IN INother
people_NN NNHUMAN
who_WHSC WHSCother
practice_VB
racism_NN NNother
and_CC
caste_NN NNother
based_VBN
discrimination_NN NNABSPROC
at_IN INother
home_NN NNGRP
!_.
The_DT
Oxford_NN NNP
University_NN NNP
itself_PIT
is_VPRT BEMA
at_IN INother
fault_NN NNother
here_PLACE
😂_EMO
All_QUAN
the_DT
religions_NN NNABSPROC
have_VPRT
caste_NN NNother
system_NN NCOMP
but_CC
they_TPP3P
do_VPRT DOAUX
n't_XX0 CONT
say_VB COMM
._.
May_MDMM MDPOSSCAll
be_VB BEMA
in_IN INother
different_JJPR JJREL
ways_NN NNABSPROC
._.
Catholics_NN NNother
,_,
protestants_NN NNother
,_,
Jacobite's_NN NNP
,_,
Born_VBN
Again_FREQ
,_,
Syrian_JJPR JJPRother
,_,
Marthoma_NN NNP
,_,
Pentecost_NN NNP
and_CC
others_NN NNother
._.
Shia_JJPR JJPRother
,_,
Sunni_JJPR JJPRother
,_,
,_,
and_CC
others_NN NNother
._.
So_SO
please_FPUH POLITE
don't_VB CONT
find_VB VFCTother
fault_NN NNother
with_IN INother
only_RB RBother
Hindus_NN NNP
._.
Very_AMP
true_JJPR JJEPSTother
..._.
Indians_NN NNP
at_IN INother
home_NN NNP
r_VPRT
the_DT
more_QUAN
racists_NN NNother
.._.
Of_IN INother
course_DMA RSTNCAll RFACT
!_.
Killing_VBG
Charlie_NN NNP
Hebdo_NN NNP
employees_NN NCOMP
and_CC
Samuel_NN NNP
Paty_NN NNP
was_VBD BEMA
such_EMPH
a_DT
righteous_JJAT JJATother
action_NN NNABSPROC
that_THSC THSCother
you_SPP2
,_,
Ahmed_NN NNP
was_VBD
so_SO
stunned_VBN
that_THSC THSCother
you_SPP2
could_MDCO MDPOSSCAll
not_XX0
find_VB VFCTother
words_NN NNTECH
to_IN INother
say_VB COMM
killings_NN NNother
are_VPRT BEMA
uncivilized_JJPR JJPRother
,_,
whatever_WHSC WHSCother
be_VB BEMA
the_DT
reason_NN NSTNCother
._.
You_SPP2
,_,
actually_DMA
celebrated_VBN MENTAL
._.
Your_SPP2
true_JJAT JJEPSTother
character_NN NNother
was_VBD
seen_PASS PASSAll MENTAL
._.
The_DT
murder_NN NNother
manual_NN NCOMP
uses_VPRT ACT
the_DT
words_NN NNTECH
that_THRC THRCother
civilized_JJAT JJATother
people_NN NNHUMAN
reject_VPRT
._.
Pretty_RB RBother
simple_JJPR JJPRother
why_WHSC WHSCother
they_TPP3P
are_VPRT
doing_PROG ACT
it_PIT
!_.
They_TPP3P
wo_MDWS MDPREDAll
n't_XX0 CONT
tolerate_VB
a_DT
foreigner_NN NNother
as_IN INother
head_NN NNCONC
of_IN INother
their_TPP3P
Union_NN NNother
!_.
I_FPP1S FPPAll
do_VPRT DOAUX
not_XX0
know_VB MENTAL
on_IN INother
what_WHSC WHSCother
face_NN NNCONC
our_FPP1P FPPAll
FM_NN NNP
is_VPRT
condemning_PROG
racism_NN NNother
in_IN INother
the_DT
UK_NN NNP
when_WHSC WHSCother
his_TPP3S
own_JJAT JJATother
government_NN NNGRP
is_VPRT SPLIT
fully_AMP
involved_PASS PASSAll EXIST
in_IN INother
many_QUAN
racist_JJAT JJATother
events_NN NNother
wholly_RB RBother
supported_VBN
by_IN INother
his_TPP3S
own_JJAT JJATother
party_NN NNother
men_NN NCOMP
;_:
some_QUAN
are_VPRT
cabinet_NN NNother
ministers_NN NCOMP
too_RB RBother
._.
Lol_DMA
,_,
I_FPP1S FPPAll
wonder_VPRT MENTAL
how_WHSC WHSCother
much_QUAN
the_DT
modi_NN NNP
followers_NN NCOMP
get_VPRT
paid_PGET PASSAll ACT
to_IN INother
thumbs_VB
down_RP
so_EMPH
many_QUAN
comments_NN NSTNCother
,_,
without_IN INother
offering_VBG COMM
their_TPP3P
own_JJPR JJPRother
,_,
just_RB EMPH
saying_VBG COMM
😁_EMO
Lol_DMA
,_,
I_FPP1S FPPAll
wonder_VPRT MENTAL
how_WHSC WHSCother
much_QUAN
you_SPP2
have_VPRT
paid_PEAS ACT
to_IN INother
buy_VB ACT
tons_NN NNother
of_IN INother
Burnol_NN NNP
and_CC
cool_JJPR JJPRother
the_DT
burning_VBG ACT
all_QUAN
over_IN INother
your_SPP2
body_NN NNCONC
,_,
just_RB EMPH
saying_VBG COMM
😁_EMO
USA_NN NNP
Federal_JJAT JJATother
agency_NN NNother
inserted_VBD
wireless_JJAT JJATother
brain_NN NNCONC
neural_JJAT JJATother
implants_NN NNother
in_IN INother
Vikram_NN NNP
Buddhi_NN NNP
._.
ITEMS_NN NNCONC
INSERTED_VBN
WHILE_NN NNother
AT_IN INother
MCC_NN NNP
CHICAGO_NN NNP
(_-LRB-
inter_JJAT JJATother
alia_NN NNother
)_-RRB-
:_:
(1)_CD
Brain_NN NNCONC
Neural_JJAT JJATother
implants_NN NNother
under_IN INother
the_DT
skull_NN NNother
and_CC
scalp_NN NNother
._.
(2)_CD
Fine_JJAT JJEVAL
wires_NN NNCONC
running_VBG ACT
under_IN INother
the_DT
scalp_NN NNother
at_IN INother
the_DT
back_NN NNother
of_IN INother
the_DT
head_NN NNCONC
,_,
connected_VBN
to_IN INother
the_DT
embedded_VBN
implants_NN NNother
,_,
which_WHSC WHSCother
act_VPRT
as_IN INother
antenna_NN NNother
for_IN INother
the_DT
wireless_JJAT JJATother
transmission_NN NNother
of_IN INother
brain_NN NNCONC
signals_NN NCOMP
._.
Later_TIME
,_,
in_IN INother
order_NN NNABSPROC
to_IN INother
hide_VB
and_CC
prevent_VB CAUSE
the_DT
disclosure_NN NNother
of_IN INother
the_DT
brain_NN NNCONC
implants_NN NCOMP
that_THRC THRCother
would_MDWO MDPREDAll
bring_VB ACT
criminal_JJAT JJATother
charges_NN NNABSPROC
against_IN INother
government_NN NNGRP
officials_NN NCOMP
,_,
Prime_NN NNP
Minister_NN NNP
of_IN INother
India_NN NNP
,_,
Narendra_NN NNP
Modi_NN NNP
,_,
gave_VBD ACT
approval_NN NNother
to_IN INother
RAW_NN NNP
agency_NN NCOMP
in_IN INother
2019_CD
to_IN INother
kl_NN NNP
Vikram_NN NNP
Buddhi_NN NNP
--_,
extra_JJPR JJPRother
judicially_RB RBother
._.
RAW_NN NNP
has_VPRT
been_PEAS
trying_PROG ACT
ever_FREQ
since_IN INother
to_IN INother
kl_NN NNP
Vikram_NN NNP
Buddhi_NN NNP
by_IN INother
poisoning_VBG
with_IN INother
nanoparticle_JJAT JJATother
neural_JJPR JJPRother
/_,
induction_NN NOMZ
devices_NN NCOMP
in_IN INother
food_NN NNCONC
&_CC
water_NN NNCONC
;_:
by_RB RBother
targeting_VBG
me_FPP1S FPPAll
with_IN INother
high_JJPR JJPRother
powered_VBN
microwaves_NN NNother
;_,
by_IN INother
sending_VBG ACT
ultrasound_NN NNother
directly_RB RBother
to_.
the_DT
neural_JJAT JJATother
implants_NN NNother
to_IN INother
generate_VB
electric_JJAT JJATother
current_JJPR JJPRother
and_CC
damage_VB
the_DT
brain_NN NNCONC
irreversibly_RB RBother
;_,
etc_ELAB
._.
Sushant_NN NNP
Singh_NN NNP
Rajput_NN NNP
was_VBD BEMA
victim_NN NNHUMAN
of_IN INother
Brain_NN NNP
Neural_NN NNP
Implants_NN NNP
inserted_VBN
in_IN INother
joint_NN NNother
operation_NN NNABSPROC
by_IN INother
USA_NN NNP
and_CC
Indian_JJAT JJATother
RAW_NN NNP
intelligence_NN NCOMP
and_CC
Indian_NN NNP
Defence_NN NNP
Ministry_NN NNP
Directorate_NN NNother
of_IN INother
Signals_NN NNP
Intelligence_NN NNP
and_CC
was_VBD
murdered_PASS PASSAll
to_IN INother
hide_VB
the_DT
evidence_NN NNother
._.
The_DT
code_NN NNABSPROC
name_NN NCOMP
for_IN INother
the_DT
director_NN NNHUMAN
of_IN INother
this_DEMO
operation_NN NNABSPROC
from_IN INother
RAW_NN NNP
is_VPRT
"_``
Vasant_NN NNP
Phadke_NN NNP
"_''
who_WHSC WHSCother
also_CC
directed_VBD
the_DT
destruction_NN NOMZ
of_IN INother
evidence_NN NNother
._.
Dear_JJPR JJPRother
what_WHSC WHSCother
about_IN INother
your_SPP2
Country_NN NNPLACE
where_WHSC WHSCother
Caste-ism_NN NNP
is_VPRT
practised_PASS PASSAll
day_NN NNQUANT
in_RB RBother
and_CC
day_NN NNQUANT
out_RP
._.
Even_RB RBother
Political_JJAT JJTOPIC
parties_NN NNother
are_VPRT
allotting_PROG
tickets_NN NNCONC
on_IN INother
the_DT
basis_NN NNother
of_IN INother
caste_NN NNother
composition_NN NOMZ
of_IN INother
electorate_NN NNother
in_IN INother
the_DT
constituency_NN NNother
,_,
When_WHSC WHSCother
you_SPP2
will_MDWS MDPREDAll
put_VB ACT
your_SPP2
own_JJPR JJPRother
house_VB
in_IN INother
order_NN NNABSPROC
before_IN INother
preaching_VBG
others_NN NNother
._.
Charity_NN NOMZ
begins_VPRT ASPECT
at_IN INother
home_NN NNGRP
._.
It_PIT
is_VPRT BEMA
unfortunate_JJPR JJPRother
that_THSC ThSTNCAll ThJSTNCAll ThJEVL
in_IN INother
the_DT
land_NN NNPLACE
of_IN INother
Mahatma_NN NNP
Gandhi_NN NNP
the_DT
godse_NN NNP
's_POS
brats_NN NNother
are_VPRT
ruling_VBG
the_DT
roost_NN NNother
......_,
Poor_JJAT JJEVAL
Jaishanker_NN NNP
is_VPRT
forced_PASS PASSAll CAUSE
to_IN INother
do_VB ACT
damage_NN NNother
control_NN NCOMP
for_IN INother
the_DT
boofheads_NN NNother
of_IN INother
the_DT
deceptive_JJAT JJATother
party_NN NNother
......_.
Jaishankarji_NN NNP
,_,
I_FPP1S FPPAll
appreciate_VPRT MENTAL
your_SPP2
highlighting_VBG
Racism_NN NNother
in_IN INother
other_JJAT JJATother
countries_NN NNPLACE
and_CC
societies_NN NNother
._.
But_CC
what_WHQU
about_IN INother
Casteism_NN NNP
in_IN INother
India_NN NNP
?_.
You_SPP2
have_VPRT
no_XX0
problem_NN NNother
with_IN INother
it_PIT
because_CUZ
you_SPP2
are_VPRT BEMA
one_CD
of_IN INother
the_DT
beneficiaries_NN NNother
?_.
I_FPP1S FPPAll
thought_VBD MENTAL
being_VBG BEMA
a_DT
highly_AMP
educated_VBN
man_NN NNHUMAN
and_CC
having_VBG
served_PEAS
as_IN INother
Foreign_JJAT JJATother
Secretary_NN NNHUMAN
and_CC
with_IN INother
all_QUAN
exposure_NN NNother
you_SPP2
had_VBD
with_IN INother
other_JJAT JJATother
societies_NN NNother
and_CC
cultures_NN NNABSPROC
,_,
you_SPP2
are_VPRT BEMA
a_DT
more_AMP
enlightened_JJAT JJATother
person_NN NNHUMAN
._.
But_CC
now_TIME
we_FPP1P FPPAll
know_VPRT MENTAL THATD
you_SPP2
are_VPRT
like_LIKE
your_SPP2
masters_NN NNother
._.
In_IN INother
the_DT
last_JJAT JJATother
one_CD
year_NN NNother
alone_RB RBother
,_,
your_SPP2
image_NN NNABSPROC
has_VPRT
been_VBN SPLIT
severely_RB RBother
eroded_PASS PASSAll
among_IN INother
rationally_RB RBother
thinking_VBG MENTAL
people_NN NNHUMAN
._.
I_FPP1S FPPAll
know_VPRT MENTAL THATD
you_SPP2
do_VPRT DOAUX
not_XX0
care_VB MENTAL
as_IN INother
you_SPP2
are_VPRT
now_TIME
part_NN NNQUANT
of_IN INother
BJP_NN NNP
._.
getting_VBG
50_CD
-_SYM
70_CD
%_NN NNother
reservation_NN NOMZ
shamelessly_RB RBother
in_IN INother
india_NN NNP
on_IN INother
caste_NN NNother
basis_NN NCOMP
...._,
how_WHSC WHSCother
much_QUAN
equality_NN NOMZ
now_TIME
you_SPP2
need_VPRT MENTAL
...._.
Do_VB DOAUX
n't_XX0 CONT
spit_VB
casteism_NN NNother
-_SYM
2_CD
everywhere_PLACE
...._.
Its_PIT
the_DT
general_NN NNother
category_NN NNother
in_IN INother
India_NN NNP
which_WHSC WHSCother
is_VPRT
being_PROG
devoid_JJPR JJPRother
of_IN INother
its_PIT
human_FPUH
rights_NN NSTNCother
,_,
right_DMA
to_IN INother
equality_NN NOMZ
and_CC
exploited_VBN
financially_RB RBother
as_CC
well_RB RBother
as_IN INother
mentally_RB RBother
...._.
No_XX0
need_NN NNCOG
to_IN INother
explain_VB COMM
in_IN INother
any_QUAN
other_JJAT JJATother
way_NN NNABSPROC
._.
It_PIT
's_VPRT CONT BEMA
an_DT
elected_VBN
government_NN NNGRP
resolution_NN NCOMP
._.
That_DEMO
's_VPRT CONT BEMA
all_QUAN
that_THRC THRCother
we_FPP1P FPPAll
appreciate_VPRT MENTAL
hello_FPUH
rice_NN NNother
bag_NN NCOMP
convert_VB
,_,
Then_RB RBother
what_WHSC WHSCother
about_IN INother
slave_NN NNHUMAN
system_NN NCOMP
in_IN INother
Christian_JJAT JJATother
countries_NN NNPLACE
&_CC
how_WHSC WHSCother
slavery_NN NNother
earlier_TIME
&_CC
now_TIME
racist_JJAT JJATother
attacks_NN NNother
on_IN INother
blacks_NN NNother
._.
For_IN INother
you_SPP2
,_,
brown_JJAT JJATother
pastr_NN NNother
@_IN INother
s_POS
lkrs_NN NNother
,_,
everything_QUPR
bad_JJPR JJEVAL
about_IN INother
Hinduism_NN NNP
._.
Remove_VB
hatred_NN NNother