These_DEMO
graves_NN NNother
have_VPRT
been_PEAS BEMA
subject_JJPR JJPRother
to_IN INother
a_DT
variety_NN NNABSPROC
of_IN INother
folklores_NN NNother
which_WHSC WHSCother
vary_VPRT EXIST
from_IN INother
region_NN NNPLACE
to_IN INother
region_NN NNPLACE
From_IN INother
the_DT
recognition_NN NNCOG
of_IN INother
giant_JJAT JJATother
footprints_NN NNother
in_IN INother
Sri_NN NNP
Lanka_NN NNP
to_IN INother
the_DT
discovery_NN NNother
of_IN PrepNSTNC
ancient_JJAT JJATother
graves_NN NNother
big_JJPR JJDESCAll JJSIZE
enough_RB RBother
to_IN INother
endorse_VB
Gulliver_NN NNP
’s_POS
fictional_JJAT JJATother
tales_NN NNother
of_IN INother
Brobdingnag_NN NNP
,_,
there_EX
has_VPRT
been_PEAS
sufficient_JJAT JJATother
evidence_NN NNother
over_IN INother
the_DT
years_NN NNother
to_IN INother
suggest_VB COMM
the_DT
existence_NN NNother
of_IN INother
astoundingly_RB RBother
tall_JJAT JJATother
people_NN NNHUMAN
in_IN INother
the_DT
past_NN NNABSPROC
._.
However_CC
,_,
where_WHSC WHSCother
other_JJAT JJATother
evidence_NN NNother
is_VPRT BEMA
few_QUAN
and_CC
far_PLACE
between_IN INother
,_,
the_DT
vast_JJAT JJATother
,_,
nine_CD
-_HYPH
yard_NN NNother
graves_NN NCOMP
locally_PLACE
known_VBN MENTAL
as_IN INother
Nau_NN NNP
-_HYPH
Gazas_NN NNP
,_,
have_VPRT SPLIT
long_RB RBother
been_PEAS BEMA
a_DT
worldwide_JJAT JJATother
phenomenon_NN NNother
for_IN INother
hundreds_NN NNother
of_IN INother
years_NN NNother
._.
These_DEMO
graves_NN NNother
,_,
many_QUAN
of_IN INother
which_WHSC WHSCother
are_VPRT
located_PASS PASSAll
in_IN INother
parts_NN NNQUANT
of_IN INother
the_DT
sub_NN NNother
-_HYPH
continent_NN NNPLACE
as_CC
well_RB RBother
as_IN INother
South_NN NNP
Asia_NN NNP
,_,
Middle_NN NNP
East_NN NNP
and_CC
Europe_NN NNP
,_,
have_VPRT
been_PEAS BEMA
subject_JJPR JJPRother
to_IN INother
a_DT
variety_NN NNABSPROC
of_IN INother
folklores_NN NNother
which_WHSC WHSCother
vary_VPRT EXIST
from_IN INother
region_NN NNPLACE
to_IN INother
region_NN NNPLACE
._.
In_IN INother
Pakistan_NN NNP
,_,
these_DEMO
gigantic_JJAT JJATother
graves_NN NNother
are_VPRT BEMA
popular_JJPR JJPRother
in_IN INother
various_JJAT JJREL
parts_NN NNQUANT
of_IN INother
the_DT
country_NN NNPLACE
but_CC
the_DT
longest_JJAT JJATother
among_IN INother
them_TPP3P
are_VPRT
said_PASS PASSAll COMM
to_IN INother
be_VB BEMA
in_IN INother
the_DT
historic_JJAT JJATother
cities_NN NNPLACE
of_IN INother
Gujrat_NN NNP
,_,
Sialkot_NN NNP
and_CC
Chiniot_NN NNP
._.
Regarding_VBG MENTAL
the_DT
two_CD
nine_CD
-_HYPH
yard_NN NNother
graves_NN NCOMP
in_IN INother
Gujrat_NN NNP
,_,
it_PIT
locally_PLACE
believed_VBD MENTAL THATD
these_DEMO
were_VBD BEMA
the_DT
burial_NN NNother
places_NN NCOMP
of_IN INother
sons_NN NNHUMAN
of_IN INother
Adam_NN NNP
-_,
-_,
the_DT
first_JJAT JJATother
man_NN NNHUMAN
and_CC
prophet_NN NNother
of_IN INother
Abrahamic_JJAT JJATother
religions_NN NNABSPROC
._.
Whereas_CONC
,_,
it_PIT
is_VPRT BEMA
popular_JJPR JJPRother
about_IN INother
the_DT
graves_NN NNother
in_IN INother
Chiniot_NN NNP
and_CC
Sialkot_NN NNP
that_THSC THSCother
they_TPP3P
belong_VPRT
to_IN INother
Muslim_JJAT JJATother
warriors_NN NNother
from_IN INother
757_CD
AH_FPUH
,_,
who_WHSC WHSCother
had_VBD
journeyed_PEAS
to_IN INother
the_DT
subcontinent_NN NNother
from_IN INother
Madina_NN NNP
to_IN INother
rival_VB
the_DT
Hindu_JJAT JJATother
raja_NN NNP
Salwan_NN NNP
._.
As_IN INother
per_IN INother
local_JJAT JJATother
belief_NN NSTNCother
,_,
these_DEMO
men_NN NNHUMAN
had_VBD
migrated_PEAS
to_IN INother
the_DT
subcontinent_NN NNother
to_IN INother
preach_VB
Islam_NN NNP
,_,
where_WHSC WHSCother
they_TPP3P
eventually_TIME
died_VBD OCCUR
in_IN INother
their_TPP3P
service_NN NNABSPROC
to_IN INother
religion_NN NNABSPROC
;_:
making_VBG ACT
the_DT
city_NN NNPLACE
on_IN INother
the_DT
banks_NN NNGRP
of_IN INother
River_NN NNP
Chenab_NN NNP
their_TPP3P
eternal_JJAT JJATother
resting_NN NNother
place_NN NCOMP
._.
According_VBG
to_IN INother
Omar_NN NNP
Din_NN NNP
,_,
the_DT
caretaker_NN NNother
of_IN INother
a_DT
Nau_NN NNP
-_HYPH
Gaza_NN NNP
shrine_NN NCOMP
in_IN INother
Chenab_NN NNP
area_NN NCOMP
,_,
the_DT
Nau_NN NNP
-_HYPH
Gaza_NN NNP
Pir_NN NNP
who_WHSC WHSCother
allegedly_RB RBother
lays_VPRT
there_PLACE
,_,
was_VBD
martyred_PASS PASSAll
in_IN INother
war_NN NNABSPROC
against_IN INother
the_DT
Hindu_JJAT JJATother
raja_NN NNother
while_CC
his_TPP3S
comrades_NN NNother
were_VBD SPLIT
also_CC
captured_PASS PASSAll
and_CC
killed_PASS PASSAll
in_IN INother
different_JJAT JJREL
parts_NN NNQUANT
of_IN INother
the_DT
province_NN NNother
._.
“_``
Although_CONC
I_FPP1S FPPAll
was_VBD
sent_PASS PASSAll ACT
to_IN INother
serve_VB
at_IN INother
this_DEMO
particular_JJAT JJREL
shrine_NN NNother
by_IN INother
my_FPP1S FPPAll
mentor_NN NNother
Qalandar_NN NNP
Pak_NN NNP
,_,
there_EX
are_VPRT
many_QUAN
such_JJAT JJATother
graves_NN NNother
in_IN INother
various_JJAT JJREL
parts_NN NNQUANT
of_IN INother
Punjab_NN NNP
._.
They_TPP3P
belong_VPRT
to_IN INother
the_DT
comrades_NN NNother
of_IN INother
the_DT
Nau_NN NNP
-_HYPH
Gaza_NN NNP
Pir_NN NNP
,_,
”_''
shared_VBD ACT
Din._NN NNP
Similar_JJAT JJREL
stories_NN NNother
also_CC
follow_VPRT ACT
the_DT
graves_NN NNother
of_IN INother
Sialkot_NN NNP
’s_POS
Nau_NN NNP
-_HYPH
Gaza_NN NNP
Pir_NN NNP
,_,
who_WHSC WHSCother
is_VPRT SPLIT
similarly_RB RBother
said_PASS PASSAll COMM
to_IN INother
have_VB
waged_PEAS
a_DT
war_NN NNABSPROC
against_IN INother
the_DT
local_JJAT JJATother
Hindu_JJAT JJATother
reign_NN NNother
._.
Known_VBN MENTAL
as_IN INother
Imam_NN NNP
Aliul_NN NNP
Haq_NN NNP
or_CC
Imam_NN NNP
Sahib_NN NNP
,_,
the_DT
pir_NN NNother
had_VBD
brought_PEAS ACT
with_IN INother
him_TPP3S
an_DT
army_NN NNother
of_IN INother
some_QUAN
313_CD
men_NN NNHUMAN
,_,
many_QUAN
of_IN INother
whom_WHSC WHSCother
were_VBD
known_PASS PASSAll MENTAL
to_IN INother
be_VB BEMA
astoundingly_RB RBother
tall_JJPR JJPRother
._.
On_IN INother
the_DT
other_JJAT JJATother
hand_NN CC
,_,
another_DT
nine_CD
-_HYPH
yard_NN NNother
grave_NN NCOMP
in_IN INother
the_DT
ancient_JJAT JJATother
Barla_NN NNP
Sharif_NN NNP
village_NN NCOMP
of_IN INother
Gujrat_NN NNP
,_,
is_VPRT SPLIT
widely_RB RBother
believed_PASS PASSAll MENTAL
to_IN INother
be_VB BEMA
the_DT
resting_VBG
place_NN NNPLACE
of_IN INother
Qanbeet_NN NNP
,_,
the_DT
son_NN NNHUMAN
of_IN INother
Prophet_NN NNP
Adam_NN NNP
._.
Similarly_RB ELAB
,_,
there_EX
is_VPRT
also_CC
local_JJAT JJATother
recognition_NN NNCOG
of_IN INother
the_DT
existence_NN NNother
of_IN INother
a_DT
few_QUAN
other_JJAT JJATother
Nau_NN NNP
-_HYPH
Gaza_NN NNP
elders_NN NCOMP
in_IN INother
Lahore_NN NNP
,_,
Pakpattan_NN NNP
and_CC
Sheikhupura_NN NNP
,_,
who_WHSC WHSCother
like_LIKE
the_DT
rest_NN NNABSPROC
,_,
were_VBD
also_CC
preachers_NN NNother
of_IN INother
Islam_NN NNP
and_CC
thus_CUZ
amass_VPRT
hundreds_NN NNother
and_CC
thousands_NN NNother
of_IN INother
devotees_NN NNother
from_IN INother
around_IN INother
the_DT
country_NN NNPLACE
to_IN INother
-_HYPH
date_NN NNQUANT
._.
Given_VBN ACT
the_DT
repeated_VBN ACT
mention_NN NOMZ
of_IN INother
towering_VBG
men_NN NNHUMAN
in_IN INother
various_JJAT JJREL
Abrahamic_JJAT JJATother
traditions_NN NNABSPROC
,_,
it_PIT
is_VPRT
not_XX0
too_RB RBother
difficult_JJPR JJPRother
to_IN ToSTNCAll ToJSTNCAll ToJEASE
conjecture_VB
that_THSC THSCother
these_DEMO
gigantic_JJAT JJATother
graves_NN NNother
possibly_HDG
belong_VPRT
to_IN INother
the_DT
gargantuan_JJAT JJATother
men_NN NNHUMAN
of_IN INother
the_DT
past_NN NNABSPROC
._.
But_CC
since_IN INother
no_XX0
historic_JJAT JJATother
records_NN NNother
exist_VPRT EXIST
for_IN INother
these_DEMO
graves_NN NNother
,_,
there_EX
is_VPRT
little_JJAT JJDESCAll JJSIZE
surety_NN NNother
in_IN INother
saying_VBG COMM
who_WHSC WhVSTNCAll WhVCOM
or_CC
what_WHSC WHSCother
actually_DMA
lays_VPRT
beneath_PLACE
._.
Interestingly_RB RBother
,_,
according_VBG
to_IN INother
archaeologists_NN NNHUMAN
who_WHSC WHSCother
have_VPRT
unearthed_PEAS
and_CC
studied_VBN MENTAL
over_RB RBother
4000_CD
year_NN NNother
-_HYPH
old_JJPR JJTIME
human_FPUH
skeletons_NN NNother
and_CC
arti_NN NNother
facts_NN NSTNCother NCOMP
,_,
there_EX
exists_VPRT EXIST
no_DMA
known_VBN MENTAL
record_NN NNother
of_IN INother
nine_CD
-_HYPH
yard_NN NNother
men_NN NCOMP
or_CC
even_RB RBother
close_JJPR JJPRother
._.
Offering_VBG COMM
a_DT
more_AMP
plausible_JJAT JJATother
explanation_NN NNABSPROC
,_,
archaeology_NN NNother
describes_VPRT COMM
this_DEMO
phenomenon_NN NNother
as_IN INother
mass_JJAT JJATother
graves_NN NNother
from_IN INother
times_NN NNQUANT
of_IN INother
war_NN NNABSPROC
and_CC
epidemic_NN NNother
._.
“_``
At_IN INother
times_NN NNQUANT
,_,
especially_RB RBother
during_IN INother
war_NN NNABSPROC
,_,
several_QUAN
bodies_NN NNCONC
would_MDWO MDPREDAll
be_VB
buried_PASS PASSAll
together_RB RBother
in_IN INother
mass_JJAT JJATother
graves_NN NNother
and_CC
often_FREQ
along_IN INother
with_IN INother
a_DT
flag_NN NNother
,_,
which_WHSC WHSCother
also_CC
explains_VPRT COMM
the_DT
length_NN NNQUANT
of_IN INother
these_DEMO
graves_NN NNother
,_,
”_''
explained_VBD COMM
local_JJAT JJATother
archaeologist_NN NNHUMAN
Afzal_NN NNP
Khan_NN NNP
._.
Shias_NN NNP
have_VPRT
corrupted_PEAS
this_DEMO
beautiful_JJAT JJEVAL
by_IN INother
promoting_VBG
these_DEMO
practices_NN NNABSPROC
on_IN INother
graves_NN NNother
._.
The_DT
government_NN NNGRP
should_MDNE
either_CC
set_VB
passing_VBG ACT
marks_NN NNTECH
at_IN INother
50_CD
%_NN NNother
or_CC
let_VB CAUSE
the_DT
33_CD
%_NN NNother
marks_NN NNTECH
eligible_JJPR JJPRother
to_IN ToSTNCAll ToJSTNCAll ToJABL
apply_VB ACT
for_IN INother
a_DT
job_NN NNABSPROC
._.
5_CD
sec_NN NNother
search_NN NCOMP
on_IN INother
google_NN NNP
revealed_VBD EXIST
that_THSC THSCother
above_PLACE
40_CD
%_NN NNother
is_VPRT BEMA
pass_NN NNother
in_IN INother
England_NN NNP
.._.
Very_AMP
Shameful_JJAT JJATother
videos_NN NNCONC
are_VPRT
offered_PASS PASSAll COMM
by_IN INother
Siasat_NN NNP
._.
Pk_NN NNother
for_IN INother
its_PIT
customers_NN NNHUMAN
...._.
this_DEMO
is_VPRT BEMA
the_DT
worst_JJAT JJATother
discrimination_NN NNABSPROC
against_IN INother
students_NN NNHUMAN
._.
it_PIT
does_VPRT DOAUX
n't_XX0 CONT
matter_VB EXIST
if_COND
u_PRPother
pass_VPRT ACT
a_DT
student_NN NNHUMAN
at_IN INother
33_CD
or_CC
40_CD
per_NN NNQUANT
cent_NN NCOMP
but_CC
that_DEMO
student_NN NNHUMAN
can't_MDother SPLIT
even_RB RBother
apply_VB ACT
for_IN INother
clerk_NN NNother
job_NN NCOMP
with_IN INother
3rd_CD
division_NN NNABSPROC
.even_RB RBother
if_COND
you_SPP2
have_VPRT
a_DT
single_JJAT JJREL
3rd_CD
division_NN NNABSPROC
in_IN INother
whole_NN NNABSPROC
of_IN INother
your_SPP2
academic_JJAT JJATother
career_NN NNABSPROC
and_CC
u_PRPother
get_VB
an_DT
MPhil_NN NNother
degree_NN NCOMP
you_SPP2
are_VPRT SPLIT
automatically_RB RBother
disqualified_PASS PASSAll
from_IN INother
applying_VBG ACT
for_IN INother
any_QUAN
job_NN NNABSPROC
._.
only_RB RBother
for_IN INother
prime_JJAT JJATother
ministership_NN NNother
3rd_CD
division_NN NNABSPROC
is_VPRT
allowed_PASS PASSAll CAUSE
._.
What_WHSC WHSCother
you_SPP2
are_VPRT
seeing_PROG MENTAL
should_MDNE
n't_XX0 CONT
be_VB
there_PLACE
._.
Is_VPRT BEMA
it_PIT
possible_JJPR JJEPSTother
for_IN INother
you_SPP2
to_IN INother
pm_VB
me_FPP1S FPPAll
a_DT
screenshot_NN NNother
and_CC
tell_VB COMM
me_FPP1S FPPAll
what_WHSC WHSCother
country_NN NNPLACE
you_SPP2
are_VPRT BEMA
in_IN STPR
._.
I_FPP1S FPPAll
'll_MDWS MDPREDAll CONT
try_VB ACT
to_IN ToSTNCAll ToVSTNCAll ToVEFRT
trace_VB
it_PIT
down_RP
._.
this_DEMO
discussion_NN NNABSPROC
is_VPRT
happening_PROG OCCUR
on_IN INother
national_JJAT JJATother
India_NN NNP
channel_NN NCOMP
.._.
crazy_JJPR JJPRother
do_VPRT DOAUX
you_SPP2
realize_VB MENTAL THATD
that_DEMO
did_VBD DOAUX
n't_XX0 CONT
post_VB
this_DEMO
video_NN NNCONC
?_. YNQU
its_PIT
an_DT
open_JJAT JJATother
forum_NN NNother
._.
Passing_VBG ACT
marks_NN NNTECH
should_MDNE SPLIT
never_FREQ
be_VB BEMA
less_QUAN
than_IN INother
100_CD
%_NN NNother
._.
._.
Open_JJAT JJATother
forum_NN NNother
allow_VB CAUSE
any_QUAN
type_NN NNABSPROC
of_IN INother
video_NN NNCONC
to_IN INother
be_VB SPLIT
automatically_RB RBother
displayed_PASS PASSAll
while_CC
watching_VBG ACT
a_DT
video_NN NNCONC
._.
Be_VB BEMA
careful_JJPR JJPRother
while_CC
visiting_VBG ACT
siasat.pk_URL
with_IN INother
family_NN NNHUMAN
because_CUZ
its_PIT
next_JJAT JJATother
video_NN NNCONC
can_MDCA MDPOSSCAll
be_VB BEMA
of_IN INother
any_QUAN
nature_NN NNABSPROC
._.
All_QUAN
alone_RB RBother
you_SPP2
may_MDMM MDPOSSCAll
visit_VB ACT
sisast.pk_URL
when_WHSC WHSCother
no_XX0
family_NN NNHUMAN
member_NN NCOMP
is_VPRT BEMA
with_IN INother
you_SPP2
._.
passing_VBG ACT
marks_NN NNTECH
should_MDNE
be_VB BEMA
at_IN INother
least_EMPH
51_CD
%_NN NNother
to_IN INother
ensure_VB CAUSE
good_JJAT JJEVAL
quality_NN NNABSPROC
and_CC
standard_NN NNABSPROC
of_IN INother
education_NN NNABSPROC
To_IN INother
educate_VB
some_QUAN
of_IN INother
my_FPP1S FPPAll
fellow_JJAT JJATother
Pakistanis_NN NNP
,_,
here_PLACE
is_VPRT BEMA
the_DT
myth_NN NNother
of_IN INother
Dollar_NN NNP
Vs_IN INother
Rupee_NN NNP
._.
If_COND
the_DT
dollar_NN NNCONC
's_POS
gains_NN NNother
Rs1_NN NCOMP
against_IN INother
the_DT
Pakistani_JJAT JJATother
currency_NN NNother
,_,
it_PIT
adds_VPRT ACT
a_DT
total_NN NNother
of_IN INother
Rs100_CD
billion_CD
to_IN INother
Pakistan_NN NNP
’s_POS
debt_NN NNABSPROC
._.
So_EMPH
far_TIME
the_DT
dollar_NN NNCONC
lost_VBD ACT
11_CD
rupees_NN NNother
from_IN INother
its_PIT
peak_NN NNCONC
of_IN INother
166_CD
._.
A_DT
weak_JJAT JJATother
rupee_NN NNother
,_,
against_IN INother
the_DT
dollar_NN NNCONC
,_,
means_VPRT COMM
higher_JJAT JJATother
cost_NN NNother
of_IN INother
imports_NN NNother
._.
And_CC
the_DT
more_QUAN
Pakistan_NN NNP
will_MDWS MDPREDAll
have_MDNE
to_IN INother
pay_VB ACT
for_IN INother
its_PIT
essential_JJAT JJATother
imports_NN NNother
,_,
such_JJPR JJPRother
as_IN ELAB
oil_NN NNother
,_,
the_DT
high_NN NNother
goes_VPRT
its_PIT
Current_NN NNP
Account_NN NNP
Deficit_NN NNP
(_-LRB-
CAD_NN NNP
)_-RRB-
–_:
the_DT
value_NN NNABSPROC
of_IN INother
imports_NN NNother
in_IN INother
comparison_NN CC
to_IN INother
exports_NN NNother
._.
The_DT
devaluation_NN NOMZ
will_MDWS MDPREDAll SPLIT
immediately_TIME
reduce_VB ACT
the_DT
size_NN NNother
of_IN INother
the_DT
economy_NN NNABSPROC
._.
Prior_TIME
to_IN INother
the_DT
recent_JJAT JJTIME
weakening_NN NNother
of_IN INother
the_DT
currency_NN NNother
,_,
the_DT
Pakistan_NN NNP
economy_NN NCOMP
was_VBD
valued_PASS PASSAll
at_IN INother
$_$
313_CD
billion_CD
,_,
which_WHSC WHSCother
fell_VBD OCCUR
to_IN INother
$_$
280_CD
billion_CD
._.
It_PIT
is_VPRT SPLIT
further_CC
expected_PASS PASSAll MENTAL
to_IN INother
plunge_VB
to_IN INother
$_$
270_CD
billion_CD
._.
A_DT
weak_JJAT JJATother
rupee_NN NNother
means_VPRT COMM
more_AMP
expensive_JJAT JJATother
smartphones_NN NNother
,_,
computers_NN NNCONC
,_,
cars_NN NNCONC
and_CC
other_JJPR JJPRother
imported_VBN
goods_NN NNother
._.
Also_CC
,_,
bye_FPUH
-_HYPH
bye_FPUH
to_IN INother
any_QUAN
foreign_JJAT JJATother
holidays_NN NNother
you_SPP2
have_VPRT
planned_PEAS MENTAL
for_IN INother
the_DT
summers_NN NNQUANT
._.
A_DT
weak_JJAT JJATother
rupee_NN NNother
is_VPRT
peddled_PASS PASSAll
as_IN INother
being_VBG BEMA
good_JJPR JJEVAL
for_IN INother
exporters_NN NNother
._.
Since_IN INother
now_TIME
they_TPP3P
get_VPRT
more_QUAN
for_IN INother
their_TPP3P
value_NN NNABSPROC
._.
But_CC
last_JJAT JJATother
year_NN NNother
,_,
when_WHSC WHSCother
the_DT
rupee_NN NNother
was_VBD
devalued_PASS PASSAll
by_IN INother
36_CD
per_NN NNQUANT
cent_NN NCOMP
,_,
exports_NN NNother
only_RB RBother
registered_VBD
an_DT
uptick_NN NNother
of_IN INother
0.12_CD
per_IN INother
cent_NN NNCONC
._.
So_SO
this_DEMO
essentially_RB RBother
pokes_VPRT
holes_NN NNPLACE
in_IN INother
the_DT
federal_JJAT JJATother
government_NN NNGRP
’s_POS
logic_NN NNother
that_THSC THSCother
devaluation_NN NOMZ
will_MDWS MDPREDAll
boost_VB
exports_NN NNother
._.
·_NFP
A_DT
struggling_VBG
rupee_NN NNother
leads_VPRT
to_IN INother
inflation_NN NOMZ
,_,
which_WHSC WHSCother
is_VPRT BEMA
already_TIME
at_IN INother
a_DT
nine_CD
-_HYPH
year_NN NNother
high_NN NCOMP
of_IN INother
9.2_CD
per_NN NNQUANT
cent_NN NCOMP
._.
Inflation_NN NOMZ
,_,
on_IN INother
the_DT
ground_NN NSTNCother
,_,
translates_VPRT
to_IN INother
costlier_JJAT JJATother
petrol_NN NNother
prices_NN NCOMP
,_,
which_WHSC WHSCother
impacts_VPRT
how_WHSC WHSCother
much_QUAN
we_FPP1P FPPAll
pay_VPRT ACT
for_IN INother
electricity_NN NOMZ
,_,
food_NN NNCONC
and_CC
other_JJAT JJATother
essentials_NN NNother
since_IN INother
the_DT
cost_NN NNother
of_IN INother
transportation_NN NOMZ
goes_VPRT
up_RP
._.
Expect_VB MENTAL
petrol_NN NNother
prices_NN NCOMP
to_IN INother
nudge_VB
up_RP
further_CC
in_IN INother
the_DT
coming_VBG ACT
days_NN NNQUANT
._.
This_DEMO
means_VPRT COMM
that_THSC ThSTNCAll ThVSTNCAll ThVFCT ThVCOMM
the_DT
cottage_NN NNother
industry_NN NCOMP
,_,
which_WHSC WHSCother
is_VPRT BEMA
the_DT
lifeline_NN NNother
for_IN INother
daily_JJAT JJTIME
wage_NN NNother
workers_NN NCOMP
,_,
will_MDWS MDPREDAll
struggle_VB
to_IN INother
survive_VB
._.
The_DT
price_NN NNother
tag_NN NCOMP
of_IN INother
doing_VBG ACT
business_NN NOMZ
will_MDWS MDPREDAll SPLIT
also_CC
go_VB
up_RP
._.
The_DT
dollar_NN NNCONC
demise_NN NCOMP
is_VPRT
near_PLACE
._.
Magic_NN NNother
money_NN NCOMP
theory_NN NNCOG
is_VPRT BEMA
in_IN INother
tailspin_NN NNother
._.
Had_VBD
Ishaq_NN NNP
Dar_NN NNP
not_XX0
wasted_VBN
20_CD
billion_CD
USD_NN NNother
on_IN INother
controlling_VBG ACT
the_DT
exchange_NN NNABSPROC
rates_NN NCOMP
,_,
we_FPP1P FPPAll
would_MDWO MDPREDAll
have_VB
had_PEAS
40_CD
billion_CD
dollars_NN NNCONC
in_IN INother
our_FPP1P FPPAll
reserves_NN NNother
._.
There_EX
would_MDWO MDPREDAll
not_XX0
have_VB
been_PEAS BEMA
any_QUAN
inflation_NN NOMZ
above_PLACE
6_CD
%_NN NNother
,_,
and_CC
the_DT
dollar_NN NNCONC
would_MDWO MDPREDAll
have_VB
been_PEAS BEMA
at_IN INother
128_CD
-_SYM
130_CD
rupees_NN NNother
._.
Had_VBD
he_TPP3S
not_XX0
raped_VBN
this_DEMO
economy_NN NNABSPROC
to_IN INother
gain_VB
votes_NN NNother
,_,
our_FPP1P FPPAll
growth_NN NNother
would_MDWO MDPREDAll
have_VB
been_PEAS BEMA
consistently_RB RBother
at_IN INother
4_CD
-_SYM
5_CD
%_NN NNother
and_CC
picking_VBG ACT
up_RP
towards_IN INother
6_CD
%_NN NNother
for_IN INother
a_DT
decade_NN NNother
to_IN INother
come_VB ACT
._.
Patwaris_NN NNother
are_VPRT BEMA
so_EMPH
blind_JJPR JJPRother
and_CC
ignorant_JJPR JJPRother
that_THSC THSCother
they_TPP3P
do_VPRT DOAUX
not_XX0
understand_VB MENTAL
simple_JJAT JJATother
things_NN NNother
._.
By_IN INother
controlling_VBG ACT
the_DT
dollar_NN NNCONC
rate_NN NCOMP
,_,
MLN_NN NNP
made_VBD ACT
imports_NN NNother
cheaper_JJPR JJPRother
for_IN INother
the_DT
consumer_NN NNHUMAN
while_CC
exports_NN NNother
fell_VBD OCCUR
from_IN INother
25_CD
billion_CD
in_IN INother
2013_CD
to_IN INother
23.50_CD
billion_CD
in_IN INother
2017_CD
-_SYM
18_CD
._.
It_PIT
created_VBD
a_DT
gap_NN NNCONC
of_IN INother
20_CD
billion_CD
while_CC
we_FPP1P FPPAll
also_CC
had_MDNE
to_IN INother
pay_VB ACT
11_CD
billion_CD
in_IN INother
loan_NN NNother
instalments_NN NCOMP
._.
There_EX
was_VBD
no_XX0
other_JJAT JJATother
source_NN NNABSPROC
to_IN INother
finance_VB
this_DEMO
gap_NN NNCONC
of_IN INother
31_CD
billion_CD
USD_NN NNother
a_DT
year_NN NNother
than_IN INother
to_IN INother
beg_VB COMM
at_IN INother
IMF_NN NNP
doors_NN NCOMP
._.
In_IN INother
short_JJPR JJDESCAll JJSIZE
,_,
no_XX0
other_JJAT JJATother
Pakistani_JJAT JJATother
government_NN NNGRP
ever_FREQ
has_VPRT
been_PEAS BEMA
irresponsible_JJPR JJPRother
to_IN INother
this_DEMO
extent_NN NNother
._.
._.
MLN_SYM
signed_VBN COMM
contracts_NN NNABSPROC
for_IN INother
power_NN NNABSPROC
plants_NN NCOMP
for_IN INother
13000_CD
MW_NN NNother
while_CC
demand_NN NNABSPROC
was_VBD BEMA
only_RB RBother
for_IN INother
an_DT
additional_JJAT JJREL
5000_CD
MW_NN NNother
._.
So_SO
we_FPP1P FPPAll
now_TIME
are_VPRT
paying_PROG ACT
for_IN INother
the_DT
unused_JJAT JJATother
8000_CD
MW_NN NNother
in_IN INother
capacity_NN NOMZ
charges_NN NCOMP
while_CC
some_QUAN
6000_CD
MW_NN NNother
more_QUAN
power_NN NNABSPROC
is_VPRT BEMA
in_IN INother
pipeline_NN NNother
as_IN INother
4_CD
hydro_NN NNother
projects_NN NCOMP
,_,
2_CD
atomic_JJAT JJATother
plants_NN NNCONC
,_,
and_CC
a_DT
couple_NN NNHUMAN
of_IN INother
coal_NN NNother
and_CC
wind_NN NNother
turbines_NN NCOMP
are_VPRT
nearing_PROG
completion_NN NOMZ
._.
Prices_NN NNother
MLN_CD
agreed_VBD MENTAL COMM
were_VBD BEMA
in_IN INother
the_DT
range_NN NNother
of_IN INother
7.5_CD
cents_NN NNCONC
to_IN INother
13_CD
cents_NN NNCONC
per_IN INother
unit_NN NNTECH
while_CC
now_TIME
we_FPP1P FPPAll
have_VPRT
bids_NN NNother
of_IN INother
4.2_CD
cents_NN NNCONC
per_IN INother
unit_NN NNTECH
and_CC
they_TPP3P
are_VPRT
begging_PROG COMM
for_IN INother
contracts_NN NNABSPROC
._.
The_DT
debt_NN NNABSPROC
trap_NN NCOMP
laid_VBN
by_IN INother
previous_JJAT JJREL
government_NN NNGRP
is_VPRT BEMA
too_RB RBother
much_QUAN
for_IN INother
Pakistan_NN NNP
._.
For_IN INother
debt_NN NNABSPROC
servicing_NN NCOMP
we_FPP1P FPPAll
have_MDNE
to_IN INother
borrow_VB ACT
more_QUAN
dollar_NN NNCONC
,_,
hence_RB CUZ
increase_VB OCCUR
in_IN INother
loan_NN NNother
._.
There_EX
is_VPRT
no_XX0
way_NN NNABSPROC
out_IN INother
of_IN INother
it_PIT
._.
Note_VB
that_THSC THSCother
the_DT
notion_NN NSTNCother
that_THSC THSCother
devaluation_NN NOMZ
helps_VPRT CAUSE
increase_NN NNother
exports_NN NCOMP
is_VPRT BEMA
right_JJPR JJEPSTother
but_CC
only_RB RBother
in_IN INother
a_DT
situation_NN NNABSPROC
where_WHSC WHSCother
your_SPP2
exports_NN NNother
are_VPRT BEMA
not_XX0
dependent_JJPR JJPRother
on_IN INother
imports_NN NNother
._.
The_DT
more_AMP
your_SPP2
export_NN NNother
is_VPRT BEMA
dependent_JJPR JJPRother
on_IN INother
an_DT
imported_VBN
product_NN NNother
the_DT
more_AMP
it_PIT
will_MDWS MDPREDAll
be_VB BEMA
harder_JJPR JJPRother
for_IN INother
your_SPP2
exports_NN NNother
to_IN INother
pick_VB ACT
up_RP
even_RB RBother
if_COND
you_SPP2
devalue_VPRT
your_SPP2
currency_NN NNother
._.
For_IN INother
example_NN ELAB
you_SPP2
are_VPRT BEMA
a_DT
textile_NN NNother
exporting_NN NCOMP
country_NN NNPLACE
which_WHSC WHSCother
does_VPRT DOAUX
n_RB RBother
't_NN NNother
(_-LRB-
or_CC
partly_DWNT
)_-RRB-
produce_VB ACT
cotton_NN NNother
._.
Now_TIME
let_VIMP CAUSE
's_FPP1P FPPAll
suppose_VB MENTAL THATD
you_SPP2
devalue_VB
your_SPP2
currency_NN NNother
._.
It_PIT
will_MDWS MDPREDAll
mean_VB COMM
that_THSC ThSTNCAll ThVSTNCAll ThVFCT ThVCOMM
the_DT
cotton_NN NNother
price_NN NCOMP
which_WHSC WHSCother
you_SPP2
import_VPRT
will_MDWS MDPREDAll
go_VB
up_RP
too_RB RBother
._.
So_SO
if_COND
you_SPP2
are_VPRT
getting_PROG
any_QUAN
benefit_NN NNABSPROC
due_IN INother
to_IN INother
the_DT
devaluation_NN NOMZ
,_,
it_PIT
is_VPRT
mitigated_PASS PASSAll
by_IN INother
the_DT
increased_VBN OCCUR
cost_NN NNother
of_IN INother
your_SPP2
most_RB EMPH
important_JJAT JJATother
import_NN NNother
,_,
and_CC
so_SO
your_SPP2
net_NN NNother
profit_NN NCOMP
either_CC
stays_VPRT EXIST
the_DT
same_JJAT JJREL
or_CC
improves_VPRT
only_RB RBother
marginally_RB RBother
depending_VBG
upon_IN INother
your_SPP2
reliance_NN NNother
on_IN INother
the_DT
imported_VBN
goods_NN NNother
._.
The_DT
rupee_NN NNother
was_VBD SPLIT
never_FREQ
devalued_PASS PASSAll
by_IN INother
the_DT
current_JJAT JJATother
government_NN NNGRP
._.
The_DT
rupee_NN NNother
was_VBD
released_PASS PASSAll
from_IN INother
its_PIT
artificially_RB RBother
pegged_VBN
value_NN NNABSPROC
of_IN INother
105_CD
by_IN INother
the_DT
previous_JJAT JJREL
governments_NN NNGRP
._.
As_IN INother
the_DT
rupee_NN NNother
was_VBD
allowed_PASS PASSAll CAUSE
to_IN INother
float_VB
freely_RB RBother
against_IN INother
dollar_NN NNCONC
,_,
it_PIT
immediately_TIME
sunk_VBD OCCUR
to_IN INother
its_PIT
real_JJAT JJATother
value_NN NNABSPROC
of_IN INother
168_CD
._.
Now_TIME
it_PIT
is_VPRT
hovering_PROG
around_HDG
154_CD
and_CC
now_TIME
is_VPRT BEMA
in_IN INother
synch_NN NNother
with_IN INother
strength_NN NNABSPROC
of_IN INother
the_DT
economy_NN NNABSPROC
._.
Devaluation_NN NOMZ
impact_NN NCOMP
was_VBD
lost_PASS PASSAll ACT
due_IN INother
to_IN INother
corona_NN NNother
._.
One_CD
year_NN NNother
took_VBD ACT
government_NN NNGRP
to_IN INother
make_VB ACT
and_CC
implement_VB
policies_NN NNABSPROC
and_CC
correct_VB
the_DT
path_NN NNother
._.
Next_JJAT JJATother
one_CD
and_CC
half_QUAN
year_NN NNother
is_VPRT
lost_PASS PASSAll ACT
due_IN INother
to_IN INother
corona_NN NNother
._.
Now_TIME
Government_NN NNGRP
has_MDNE
to_IN INother
take_VB ACT
popular_JJAT JJATother
decisions_NN NNCOG
since_IN PrepNSTNC
general_JJAT JJREL
elections_NN NOMZ
period_NN NCOMP
will_MDWS MDPREDAll
start_VB ASPECT
after_IN INother
4_CD
years_NN NNother
._.
raped_VBD
Pakistan_NN NNP
while_CC
chanting_VBG
._.
This_DEMO
is_VPRT BEMA
worse_JJPR JJPRother
than_IN INother
slavery_NN NNother
For_IN INother
that_THSC THSCother
you_SPP2
need_MDNE
to_IN INother
have_VB
dollars_NN NNCONC
._.
Now_TIME
Government_NN NNGRP
has_MDNE
to_IN INother
arrange_VB ACT
10_CD
billion_CD
USD_NN NNother
out_IN INother
of_IN INother
44_CD
billion_CD
USD_NN NNother
reserves_NN NCOMP
._.
Remaining_VBG EXIST
is_VPRT BEMA
34_CD
billion_CD
USD_NN NNother
._.
Annual_JJAT JJTIME
deficit_NN NNother
is_VPRT BEMA
10_CD
billion_CD
USD_NN NNother
._.
So_SO
you_SPP2
have_MDNE
to_IN INother
borrow_VB ACT
another_DT
10_CD
billion_CD
._.
How_WHSC WHSCother
much_QUAN
we_FPP1P FPPAll
can_MDCA MDPOSSCAll
survive_VB
until_IN INother
rupee_NN NNother
reaches_VPRT ACT
to_IN INother
iranian_JJAT JJATother
currency_NN NNother
level_NN NCOMP
._.
I_FPP1S FPPAll
think_VPRT MENTAL
not_XX0
more_QUAN
than_IN INother
10_CD
to_IN INother
15_CD
years_NN NNother
when_WHSC WHSCother
we_FPP1P FPPAll
will_MDWS MDPREDAll
reach_VB ACT
at_IN INother
saturation_NN NOMZ
stage_NN NCOMP
._.
It_PIT
will_MDWS MDPREDAll
like_VB MENTAL
delaying_VBG
an_DT
inevitable_JJAT JJEPSTother
._.
Quran_NN NNP
corroborates_VPRT
this_DEMO
idea_NN NSTNCother
:_:
"_``
Life_NN NNABSPROC
of_IN INother
this_DEMO
world_NN NNother
is_VPRT BEMA
nothing_QUPR
but_IN INother
a_DT
delusion_NN NNother
._.
(_-LRB-
Surah_NN NNP
Al_NN NNP
Hadid_NN NNP
:_:
20_CD
)_-RRB-
"_''
It_PIT
could_MDCO MDPOSSCAll
be_VB
so_SO
----_NFP
but_CC
the_DT
creator_NN NNother
made_VBD ACT
it_PIT
so_EMPH
perfect_JJPR JJPRother
or_CC
programmed_VBD
it_PIT
so_EMPH
perfect_JJPR JJPRother
that_THSC THSCother
we_FPP1P FPPAll
are_VPRT
bound_PASS PASSAll
to_IN INother
feel_VB MENTAL
it_PIT
real_JJPR JJPRother
we_FPP1P FPPAll
laugh_VPRT
we_FPP1P FPPAll
cry_VPRT
we_FPP1P FPPAll
feel_VPRT MENTAL
pain_NN NNother
we_FPP1P FPPAll
feel_VPRT MENTAL
joy_NN NNother
-----_NFP
If_COND
it_PIT
is_VPRT BEMA
true_JJPR JJEPSTother
----_NFP
Allah_NN NNP
is_VPRT BEMA
the_DT
biggest_JJAT JJATother
and_CC
creator_NN NNother
of_IN INother
all_QUAN
creation_NN NOMZ
:_:
subhan::_FW
subhan::_FW
subhan_NN NNother
:_:
Quantum_NN NNP
Physics_NN NNP
also_CC
confirms_VPRT MENTAL
this_DEMO
._.
How_WHSC WHSCother
funny_JJPR JJPRother
it_PIT
is_VPRT
when_WHSC WHSCother
people_NN NNHUMAN
try_VPRT ACT
to_IN ToSTNCAll ToVSTNCAll ToVEFRT
convert_VB
scientific_JJAT JJATother
research_NN NNABSPROC
and_CC
technology_NN NNother
into_IN INother
religious_JJAT JJATother
philosophies_NN NNABSPROC
and_CC
beliefs_NN NSTNCother
but_CC
then_RB RBother
the_DT
question_NN NNABSPROC
is_VPRT
which_WHSC WHSCother
region_NN NNPLACE
is_VPRT BEMA
right_JJAT JJEPSTother
winch_NN NNother
god_NN NCOMP
is_VPRT BEMA
right_JJPR JJEPSTother
._.
Everyone_QUPR
would_MDWO MDPREDAll
come_VB ACT
up_RP
and_CC
claiming_VBG COMM
that_THSC ThSTNCAll ThVSTNCAll ThVCOMM
their_TPP3P
god_NN NNHUMAN
is_VPRT BEMA
right_JJPR JJEPSTother
,_,
their_TPP3P
book_NN NNCONC
is_VPRT BEMA
right_JJPR JJEPSTother
._.
What_WHSC WHSCother
a_DT
twisted_VBN
and_CC
unreal_JJAT JJATother
world_NN NNother
we_FPP1P FPPAll
are_VPRT
living_PROG EXIST
where_WHSC WHSCother
a_DT
proven_VBN MENTAL
scientific_JJAT JJATother
research_NN NNABSPROC
is_VPRT
challenged_PASS PASSAll COMM
and_CC
twisted_PASS PASSAll
by_IN INother
lunatics_NN NNother
._.
The_DT
matter_NN NNTECH
of_IN INother
France_NN NNP
envoy_NN NCOMP
is_VPRT
over_RB RBother
right_RB RBother
regardless_RB RBother
what_WHSC WHSCother
happens_VPRT OCCUR
on_IN INother
Friday_NN NNP
in_IN INother
NA_NN NNP
._.
I_FPP1S FPPAll
mean_VPRT COMM THATD
Fawad_NN NNP
said_VBD COMM
after_IN INother
NA_IN INother
session_NN NNABSPROC
that_THSC THSCother
we_FPP1P FPPAll
have_VPRT
fulfilled_PEAS
the_DT
demands_NN NNABSPROC
of_IN INother
TLP_NN NNP
to_IN INother
table_VB
the_DT
resolution_NN NOMZ
and_CC
state_NN NNABSPROC
will_MDWS MDPREDAll
handle_VB
the_DT
matter_NN NNTECH
according_VBG
to_IN INother
the_DT
resolution_NN NOMZ
._.
I_FPP1S FPPAll
mean_VPRT COMM
what_WHSC WhVSTNCAll WhVCOM WhVFCT
ever_FREQ
PMLN_NN NNP
plans_NN NCOMP
on_IN PrepNSTNC
Friday_NN NNP
the_DT
fire_NN NNTECH
is_VPRT SPLIT
now_TIME
defuse_VB
in_IN INother
the_DT
matter_NN NNTECH
of_IN INother
France_NN NNP
envoy_NN NCOMP
right_RB RBother
?_.
Actually_DMA
PMLN_NN NNP
hypocrisy_NN NCOMP
is_VPRT
exposed_PASS PASSAll
._.
On_IN INother
assembly_NN NNother
floor_NN NCOMP
,_,
PMLN_NN NNP
can_MDCA MDPOSSCAll
not_XX0
side_VB
with_IN INother
the_DT
expulsion_NN NNother
of_IN INother
the_DT
French_JJAT JJATother
envy_NN NNother
since_IN INother
it_PIT
will_MDWS MDPREDAll
not_XX0
prove_VB MENTAL
them_TPP3P
as_IN INother
liberals_NN NNother
._.
But_CC
even_RB RBother
merit_NN NNother
is_VPRT
that_THSC THSCother
we_FPP1P FPPAll
can_MDCA MDPOSSCAll
downgrade_VB
our_FPP1P FPPAll
relations_NN NNCOG
with_IN INother
France_NN NNP
,_,
but_CC
TLP_NN NNP
demands_NN NCOMP
are_VPRT BEMA
stupid_JJPR JJPRother
._.
Extremists_NN NNother
or_CC
such_JJAT JJATother
elements_NN NNTECH
are_VPRT
like_LIKE
weeds_NN NNother
._.
Just_RB EMPH
like_LIKE
weeds_NN NNother
which_WHSC WHSCother
grow_VPRT OCCUR
in_IN INother
stagnant_JJAT JJATother
dirty_JJAT JJATother
water_NN NNCONC
,_,
these_DEMO
people_NN NNHUMAN
grow_VPRT OCCUR
in_IN INother
repressive_JJAT JJATother
,_,
corrupt_JJAT JJATother
societies_NN NNother
._.
the_DT
only_JJAT JJATother
cure_NN NNother
is_VPRT
to_IN INother
mend_VB
the_DT
society_NN NNother
by_IN INother
giving_VBG ACT
them_TPP3P
basic_JJAT JJATother
rights_NN NSTNCother
,_,
education_NN NNABSPROC
,_,
peace_NN NNother
,_,
justice_NN NNother
...._.
Question_NN NNABSPROC
more_QUAN
concerning_VBG EXIST
is_VPRT
who_WHQU
created_VBD
Altafis_NN NNP
and_CC
TTP_NN NNP
?_.
And_CC
who_WHSC WHSCother
created_VBD
TLP_NN NNP
Who_WHQU
were_VBD BEMA
those_DEMO
guys_NN NNHUMAN
?_.
Actually_DMA
,_,
they_TPP3P
are_VPRT BEMA
all_QUAN
not_XX0
so_EMPH
different_JJPR JJREL
._.
If_COND
u_PRPother
look_VPRT
at_IN INother
these_DEMO
organizations_NN NNPLACE
closely_RB RBother
,_,
they_TPP3P
were_VBD BEMA
all_QUAN
formed_VBN ACT
by_IN INother
nobodies_NN NNother
,_,
whose_WHSC WHSCother
only_JJAT JJATother
talent_NN NNother
is_VPRT
to_IN INother
gather_VB VLIKother
people_NN NNHUMAN
and_CC
get_VB
them_TPP3P
excited_JJPR JJPRother
around_IN INother
a_DT
cause_NN NNABSPROC
._.
Once_TIME
they_TPP3P
get_VPRT
somewhat_DWNT
established_VBN
,_,
they_TPP3P
get_VPRT
bought_PGET PASSAll ACT
from_IN INother
outside_PLACE
or_CC
inside_IN INother
the_DT
country_NN NNPLACE
to_IN INother
work_VB ACT
on_IN INother
someone_QUPR
else_JJPR JJPRother
’s_POS
agenda_NN NNother
._.
Unless_COND
our_FPP1P FPPAll
society_NN NNother
stops_VPRT ASPECT
following_VBG ACT
stupid_JJAT JJATother
leaders_NN NNHUMAN
and_CC
stop_VB ASPECT
doing_VBG ACT
things_NN NNother
out_IN INother
of_IN INother
hate_NN NNother
and_CC
anger_NN NNother
,_,
this_DEMO
cycle_NN NNQUANT
will_MDWS MDPREDAll
not_XX0
stop_VB ASPECT
._.