


Why only news from NIA investigations? Why ATS is silent so far? Are they
doing anything?


ATS reports to the CM and so must be busy in scuttling the investigation as
they did in the Sushant case.


The Mumbai PC should have been placed under suspension pending the NIA inquiry
which is the on track to give its report.

The arrested lowly CIU Cop is just a mole where bigwigs who have used him to
scare the Industrialist and his family in their greed to fill up the parties
coffers.

The repeated outbursts against the Ambani family by the clown prince also
needs a thorough investigation


I wonder where all the guys are on this forum who were exulting on Vaze's
"AK47 Action" against Arnab. Even Parambir is now history.


It may be that the consideration for the previous posts have been settled and
they may be waiting for a fresh contract for consideration ﻿ for their posts
here.﻿﻿﻿﻿


that is nothing just a token change to save leaders, both of them need to be
suspended till the probe is over..

and it is done on behest of top political leaders..

 NIA must interrogate Param Bir Singh to know original order was either from
Sharad Pawar, who had been involved in many corrupt acts, owns thousands of
 of land and is considered very close to D-Company/Mafia.. Or Uddhav
Thackery, who again is close to the other gangs of Mafia...

  

Both NCP and Shiv Sena are very very corrupt in Maharashtra.. they have
associations with too many gangs


Not sufficient.

Government is in Mafiosi mode.

Dismissal of the government and imposition of President's rule is imperative.





I can only sympathise with SSR s family

what a bad luck to get stuck in MUmbai and get K........ with P.......
protection


The penguin family must be rejoicing. Sr Penguin must be telling the Baby
Penguin, "Son, never imagined this system would be so heavily loaded in favour
of the crooked politicians ! Important lesson! We can get done whatever we
want, yet the price will be paid by the lowly govt servants, the issue gets
obfuscated and that is the end of the story, Onwards to the next scam "


The same family was inseparable with BJP for last 20 years, then they were
saints.

hahaha... and their Nagpur  logics...full entertainment.


In spite of ruling together BJP refused to reinstate Vaze even though SS
pressurised them to take him back. That is the difference.


My reply is under moderation...hope IE clears it.


Define 


 : The one who blindly justifies every action of his master, without
applying his own mind and logic, is a master of u turns and demonises everyone
who speaks against his master.





One puppet cop goes, another puppet takes over.


transfer? Should have been dismissed.


so, he gets removed from one job for messing it up, and, then moved to another
job for him to mess up there as well?


Not just dismissal, Sir. Parampaapi should have been arrested.

Canceria, the two Penguins & Anil Deshdrohi too should be arrested.


Agreed.

All who have left BJP are deshdrohis. The same when they join BJP become
saints...case in point Mukul Roy, Scindia, half of karnataka cabinet,
Chautala, etc. The list is too long.


You are right. NIA investigation looks ridiculous. The main culprits in the
case are Sharad Pawar & Sr. Penguin. Both rascals should have been arrested.




Waze did it all alone and for fun! What's the game on folks? On whose behalf
was he extorting Ambani? NCP or Shiv Sena leaders? No one will know the truth.
Modi Shah will bury it for political gains. This nation's quest for justice
will ,once again, be frustrated.


﻿He was also there when your Devendra was CM of Maharashtra.﻿


' Modi Shah will bury it for political gains. This nation's quest for justice
will ,once again, be frustrated'

  

Pretty much like SSR case !!


How many times these fake emails and claims of responsibility been attributed
to Muslim groups. Aren't we still sure that Muslims are framed and imaginary
organisations created by these police departments on the directions of their
political masters.


Where in the article did you see any attribution to Muslims ?


Not in the article but you would remember that there was a talk of a group
called "Jaish-ul-Hind" immediately after.




WB was a communist strong hold for 34 years .

  

Mamata broke that stronghold .


India was a dynasty fiefdom for most of its independence. BJP broke that
stronghold.


Brought another dynasty , rather worse





Does BJP know where Mamata hails from ? She was beaten brutally and crushed .
She rose from the ashes to become a mass leader . Her image was not created by
the rich and powerful . Therefore , I bet BJP will go down badly in it's fight
to capture power from Didi .


LOL sympathy gaining tactics. Do you know where Modi came from?


The daily brutality against BJP in Bengal means that a victory in Bengal
elections would be worthwhile for BJP too 😁




How much tax do you pay, or are you barking because you pay less than a 
in tax


Government sees this as a big problem. But in the interest of the whole
country, it cannot give in to the demand of permanent MSP. Government already
pays  as MSP subsidy that may increase ten times. That will
bankrupt the country. How can any government agree to that? The entire Punjab
and Haryana are running with this money only and living in luxury at the
expense of the rest of India. This must stop regardless of the political cost.
We should thank the government for protecting Indians from the farm-thugs and
looters!


But the govt and PM telling nation that MSP will continue forever. If what he
is telling true then what is the problem in writing the same thing in the
law??


Very good..Govt can legislate on Minimum wage for salaried people but the same
people oppose MSP for farmers. Just imagine without minimum wage support how
the corporates would have handled employees in India..


You are not answering his question !

  

Would legislate minimum price for toothpaste and laptops ?


Don't think that you are intelligent compared to the agricultural scientist.
Without MSP in a country like India will have disastrous effect on food
security..In my neighbourhood people have stopped cultivating grains..


That might be good. India has overproduced grains


Don't put your words into PM promise. He said MSP was there in the past, it is
there in the present and will be there in the future..Where did he say it is
temporary measure..?


Gov't is preparing it's own grave by not resolving the crisis.


Yes, Government should let these thugs loot the country and make it legal to
make these thugs happy!


I am in Bihar and no body mentions this so called farm agitation. Bihar is
particularly suffering because the rich farmers of Punjab entyce the farm
labour from Bihar at contractual terms, and the small and marginal farmers
here find it very difficult to harvest the crops with a few remaining older
members of farm labour in the village. See the huge no of trains, mostly
unreserved starting from various districts of Behar bound for Punjab cities.
The farm agitation should be taken as an opportunity to address the farm
economy in totality, and not be guided by what the rich farmers of Punjab have
showed off in Delhi and at its boarders.


Dont be bias, one can see Bihar labours at every corner of the country. Why
blame Punjab, Bihar gifted with holly Ganges is highly fertile land and
something wrong with successive Govt. including BJP supported Govt claim to
make Bihar as model state of India, . Now Shah  is giving such promises to W
B, TN, and of course Kerala


I agree on the sentiment but ...

If marginal farmers are hiring labour they are not marginal farmers. Marginal
farmers by definition work on the field on their own.

They are landlords.


Ok! Sorry I misunderstood.

  

MSP is even worse than I thought of!


Modi and team is not elected to run the country as opposition or anti
nationals wants it to be. In everything there is a protest. New trend. Now
brand me as a  and do not allow your brain to think positively. You had
your chance. Now wait for the government to give a try in their ways.


BJP is going to win 3rd term in 2024


modi is destroying India due to his lack of knowledge


You mean to say he should take inspiring knowledge classes from smart leader
Rahul ji?!


* The UP Govt has filed FIR against Barkha Dutt's media organization for daring to report on the Unnao story of the murder of 2 girls .

And yet Bhakts ask , where is the " authoritarianism " we talk about ?


Looks like a slow day at Indian Express. They remembered farmer agitation.
Everyone including the farmer union is waiting for the supreme court committee
recommendations. Court will give a ruling based on that. Government has
committed in the parliament that it will go by supreme court verdict
(President's address). Union folks also know. They will come to the
negotiating table once the fear of the stay getting vacated by the court will
dawn on them. Meanwhile negotiate hard for better SAP for sugarcane in western
UP and milk tax payer's money. It is a game.


Farm Unions have rejected the SC committee the day one.


> ﻿Party leaders, however, admit that activist Disha Ravi’s arrest in the
> Toolkit case, the bail order, and embedding nails on the roads have been
> “poor political optics.” ﻿




Headlines should be

Farmer's protest: IE Still sees as a national problem

The so called farmers are nothing but stooges of congress and aap wanting to
have benefit in elections.


Modi in ego has spoiled everything in this country


Hi hi IE is trying hard to bring back a failed protest


The card should have thrown to Punjab CM in the beginning itself! Let the
state resolve it. If they can pass a resolution in the assembly against the
laws, then they can very well support the farmers (genuine if any at all) with
state benefits. He played politics to the tune of madam in Delhi. He
overlooked the security concern alerted by centre, and opened his eyes, only
when it has hitting him on his goodwill. And also he understood that without
centre's support, he can't tackle security issues and he would be at peril by
not listening to centre. The fact of the matter is the government or even modi
has let their golden hands to resolve but, these agitators very arrogantly
rejected it. Now the centre will show their a*s to resolve. Who is at loss
now? The centre should order sharp bamboo sticks, not one but many to use on
the left over union leaders' b*mp*.


Your comment captures the mood of the nation very accurately


Farmer agitation in Delhi implies unrest among elite  farmers/
brokers from Punjab & adjoining states. It reflect in their attitude in
infamous Republic Day fiasco in Delhi. Agitation is dead.


Perfectly said


wait.. there's a cow down your street about to pi$$, run now..


New farm laws are meant to improve the condition of small n marginal farmers.
If any short comings in the laws and how to improve them are the need of the
moment. The protest carried out in the name of farmers is driven by vested
interests to meet their agendas.




No one is guilty until proven guilty by the highest Court. Stop crying or stop
celebrating.


About a month back, it was almost an epiphany, when I said that Deshmukh will
lose his home, after he questioned Tendulkar and Lata Mangeshkar for their
tweets. Karma has come full circle.


WE can understand your comment- being a Muslim


Answer is on front page. Read it again.


good riddance so also PaRumBeer should be suspended for keeping silent for 3
days after he was transferred out



